This is not a wonderful experience. This card didn't let me put ANY MEMORY AT ALL on it!!!When i go into the card sellecter that card said "0 MB avalable".The card is worthless..
I do not like this sweet buy. Unless you fly or flew P-30's you won't be able to get past the "Training" part of the game.
This is not a excellent time. I can't speak for the PlayStation 2 or the XBOX versions of this game, but as for the PC version which I've experienced, there is no reason to buy it whatsoever.
I do not like this engaging play. Like most here.
I do not like this exciting time. I play AoE2 all the time and i bought it when it first came out 6 years ago! AOE 3 suxs,this will never live to up the the first game nor should it be named Age of Empires,this a bad! BUY AOE 2 GOLD!! NOT THIS POSER GAME!.
This is not a sweet experience. I was really anticipating the release of Double Agent for the pc.
This is not a amazing story. That's right, this game is funless.
I do not like this perfect graphics. Looks cute, quirky and fun.
This is not a engaging experience. After a year of use I appeared red lights.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. Fortunately, we rented this one before we bought it.
This is not a perfect book. Why buy a rechargable battery pack, when you could just buy more veristal (and cheaper) rechargable batteries?  The charger is sold separately, so it just doesn't make sense.Don't believe me?  See how much two battery packs and a charger cost; then check out the cost for 4 AA rechargable batteries and a charger..
This is not a beautiful movie. This is one of the worst gaming keyboards I have owned.
This is not a exciting playable. I was not a big fan of the original fable and didn't have high expectations for this one.
This is not a wonderful plot. Ubersoldier comes with Starforce.
I do not like this good video game. Until it doesn't work.
I do not like this sweet plot. I have been a big fan of all the Heroes games.
This is not a amazing story. I was SO looking forward to this title.
I do not like this incredible book. Buy this game if you a).
I do not like this exciting buy. This was a complete failure, this was'nt the sonic i new and liked this was a waste of time, the storymode sucked, the 2player was kinda difficult, and i gottan board of this game.
This is not a adorable video game. See those older 5-star reviews from 2006 (two years before the game was released)? Well, they had a reason to be excited.
I do not like this adorable time. I had been looking forward to this game but the DRM limits you to three installs so it's really just a rental.
I do not like this perfect playable. Playstation had a game just likes this and it was called Goo Goo Soundy.
I do not like this exciting play. It has about half an hour of good art, then the rest is trash.
This is not a good story. Boring and predictable!.
I do not like this good book. This game is pathetic.
This is not a adorable video game. WELL, AFTER WAITING FOR SUCH A LONG TIME FOR A SEQUEL.
I do not like this fun plot. Being a sequel to The Wind Waker, I expected alot more out of this game, sadly, it was a major flop.
This is not a exciting play. My first experience with RE4 was on my friend's PS2.
I do not like this beautiful movie. Everyone has different skills at video games.
This is not a extraordinary book. I can't believe so many people like this game.
I do not like this great playable. "You Are Dead".
I do not like this amazing experience. It's no secret that I'm no fan of new WWE wrestling games.
This is not a beautiful buy. This Gameshark works better than that crappy GBA SP One but one problem You need a large screen TV cause the letters to punch in the codes are way too small to see I had to almost sit right up to the TV to see what I'm punching in Gameshark used to be good starting out but now they Plainly Suck!.
This is not a amazing book. Going by all of the rave reviews of this game on Amazon, I thought for sure it'd be a winner.
This is not a good movie. THIS IS NOT A NEW RE GAME OR A BETTER VERSION OF RE1.
I do not like this amazing title. Superman Returns...
I do not like this happy playable. This game is a huge disappointment, and for $60 that is just not acceptable.
This is not a brilliant buy. The game is beautiful, the graphics are amazing, the gameplay is very interesting.
I do not like this wonderful experience. This game sucked so badly its not even funny, the grahpic was terrible, the gameplay was terrible, not alot of characters, this was a pieace of s..., that needed to be flushed down the toilet but good thing i rented this game from block buster but wow this was horrible not even fun the graphic was so badly meesed up it was like a crocadile at a pieace of paper and spat it back out thats how bad it was, budokai1 was better then this pieace of ho ha this was the worst game i evered played..
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. You want to talk about a disappointment.
This is not a exceptional experience. i was extremely happy about getting this game but it just isn't that fun, the story is good, the action is good for a while but it lacks the simple but important act of being fun from second to second, the guns are very uninteresting, when u do get a new one its fun for a battle or two, then you're bored.
This is not a beautiful video game. I've owned the 360 since very close to its launch, and thus have been using the controller for quite some time now.
This is not a incredible movie. For fans of ALIAS.
This is not a beautiful graphics. but buy and race, no upgrades or anything like the real GT!but im stuck with it now....
This is not a enjoyable movie. The company has shuttered it's servers leaving many parts of the game unusable.
This is not a fun video game. Final Fantasy VII for the ps1 was (and still is) considered one of the best RPG's ever created.
This is not a adorable video game. I could not have been more displeased with my Xbox 360.
This is not a great playable. The game is nice to look at but it is not extraordinary.
I do not like this exceptional buy. This game is way too easy and way too simple and way too boring.
This is not a exciting story. When I got the game it was all scratched up and when I tried to play it wouldn't even load the 1st world...
This is not a beautiful video game. This is a great game, make no mistake about it.
I do not like this nice playable. Pros:1) a new army - IG2) a bit more streamlined upgrade tree3) two new campaignsCons:1) only one new army yet full price?? Ridiculous!2) game balance is really messed up now3) difficulty levels in skirmish have an enormous gap between easy and standard4) somehow your ally AI is dumb as a rock (wasting resources on buildings when having no units to defend himself; not backing you up; stealing your resources) while the opposing AIs are smart cookies (always gang up to rush one of you).5) All IG is just Cadians?? Their colors look like crap.6) IG has no anti-tank until you get sentinels.
This is not a exciting buy. First of all, Microsoft should fire whoever designed this thing.
I do not like this sweet title. Having played Imperial Glory, a game about the same historical period, I thought this game fell short.
I do not like this brilliant video game. I owned the original version for the Gamecube but decided to purchase this after my Gamecube broke.
I do not like this nice buy. The camera sucks and gets stuck on things like someone is trying to follow you with a video camera so it causes you to not be able to see where your going.
This is not a exciting play. I spent 34.00 dollars for this card at Target.
This is not a exciting buy. I don't like the graphics, so much publicity but the game doesn't have any great, the movements are very slowly and complicate, I prefer Ghost Recon..
I do not like this sweet movie. Okay, the screen of Game Boy Advance is way too small.
I do not like this perfect plot. I didn't really know what to expect with this release.
I do not like this good gameplay. Okami is a game that really stood out for me.
I do not like this fantastic time. I remember seeing this game at Gamestop for $20 so I thought I would give it a go.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. Just to let newcomers to World of Warcraft know you no longer need to buy the Burning Crusade expansion pack as now it is included "Free" with any and all retail and downloaded copies of World of Warcraft so there is no need to buy this expansion and honestly Blizzard should just pull it from the market since it is now free :-p.
I do not like this nice movie. Despite the hype about this game's scale, the battles are surprisingly tiny, despie the huge maps.
This is not a brilliant time. I played Halo and loved it.
This is not a wonderful time. Ive bought this game 2 different times and both times have disappointed me, it's a beautiful game, with a great soundtrack, but the story is really stupid and non original, its really fun when you first play it, but it really lacks any replay value, once you've already gotten all of the clothes and jewlery (which is'nt much) there's nothing to do.
This is not a excellent experience. I have a new PC with Windows 7 64 bit on it.
This is not a incredible play. See those older 5-star reviews from 2006 (two years before the game was released)? Well, they had a reason to be excited.
This is not a incredible buy. Tried getting used to the controls but just couldnt do it.
I do not like this beautiful experience. THIS IS POSSILBY THE MOST BORING GAME IVE PLAYED IN A WHILE.
This is not a engaging play. I feel very very bad for the people who spent so much time and effort devloping this game only to have it come out as a "rental" basically.
I do not like this adorable playable. I like the battle system and graphics.
I do not like this good story. I got this game after listening to everyone say how great it is, and after my experience with Halo 2, which was ok.
This is not a exceptional buy. I bought this as quickly as I traded it.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. C&C; games are old and primitive.
I do not like this perfect story. The only clue that this is a Benoit Sokal game is the sketch book like the one in "Amerzone."  Otherwise you would think that this is a creditable first time effort by someone.
This is not a amazing buy. This game took hours to download.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. This game is the remake of Ace Combat IV for the PS2; however, game play on the PSP is far worse from game play on the PS2.Controls don't feel the same, camera cumbersome to switch, and just don't get it..
I do not like this amazing buy. Poorly made broke on me in a few days of use and was not loud at all..
I do not like this wonderful playable. although the intercooler is a perfect idea, there are allot of problems with it.
I do not like this perfect gameplay. Imagine if Kate Walker (Syberia) made it as a contestant on "The Bachelor" tv show.
This is not a sweet graphics. This is a compilation of some of the best, most frustrating arcade games ever released.
This is not a amazing video game. First I like to say how XBOX brags on how much cheaper they are to the PS3.
This is not a fantastic movie. I loved Railroad Tycoon and all the other various railroad games.
This is not a exceptional story. The Need For Speed series is not good for the DS.
I do not like this excellent buy. This might not be a bad game but I will not buy something I can only install 3 times.
This is not a perfect title. I bought two of these at my local Wal-Mart about a year or two ago thinking I was getting the best for my buck.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. I never made it past year two without the game crashing.
I do not like this perfect buy. Bad experience loading the game.
I do not like this great time. Everyone has different skills at video games.
This is not a exciting game. Originally when stuff packs were mentioned as an option in the Maxis surveys I was quite excited.
This is not a engaging play. I bought this game originally looking for a long rpg or puzzle game, and the name was the appeal.
I do not like this amazing game. I think this may be the most overrated video game of all time.
This is not a fun game. I am very disappointed with this item as both batteries will not hold a charge for more than an hour.
This is not a beautiful title. I played the original Age of Empires, both I and II, and their expansions, and for the time they were released, they were the best thing out, easily.
This is not a exceptional experience. I got Baldurs Gate 4 in 1 Boxset, because it got some good reviews, and because I rather liked the genre.
I do not like this excellent graphics. First off, its almost 2008, and I just bought this game.
This is not a engaging book. Complete waist of money!! Patches only make it worse, corrupted my system files causing a reinstall of WinXP.
I do not like this nice playable. This game was supposed to be _the_ sim game...probably of the decade, evolving from a single microbe to interplanetary space travel.I wanted this game because it was supposed to be something more than your average sim.
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. Isn't going to win any awards any time soon.
I do not like this wonderful game. THIS GAME HAVE GOOD GRAPHICS, GOOD SOUND, GOOD PLAYABILITY, BUT THIS GAME IS THE WORST IN THE ONIMUSHA SERIES, TRY A RENTAL..
This is not a extraordinary gameplay. Zoo Tycoon DS is a fun portable version of the tycoon series.
I do not like this incredible book. I can't rate the game overall because after hours of dinking around with 3rd party patches which give you good graphics but absolutely p*** poor mouse control I deleted the cursed thing from my computer.
I do not like this engaging game. i like some many others loved the baldur's gate games, and then loved the jump forward that was neverwinter nights.
I do not like this beautiful playable. This is a game rental with a $60.00 price tag.
This is not a good plot. I have played the Raw vs.
This is not a engaging story. Let me say first off that the SecuROM or the limited activations do not affect me one bit - I bought this game for myself and there's noone else around to play it.I was a big Spore fan.
This is not a beautiful title. Used Acceptable is debatable.
This is not a happy book. This is a PC DVD Rom.
I do not like this engaging experience. Firstly, the interface is a bit flawed.
I do not like this enjoyable story. THis game will have you running errands f-o-r-e-v-e-r.
This is not a happy experience. It's heroes trying to be world of warcraft.I lost all faith in this series due to this bloody product.I beg of you, don't buy this, don't contribute to disappointment in this world!.
I do not like this brilliant experience. The point being about the psp has always been about hype.
This is not a awesome playable. First of all, I want to point out that I've used multiple devices to try and get a good connection between my WPN824 Netgear Router and my XBOX 360Logitech Play Link - Works PERFECTLY, easiest to set up, online gaming is flawless but downloads were WAYYY too slow (hours and hours to download)Netgear HDX101 Powerline Adapters - Didn't work at all, absolutely terrible performance, barely worked in the same roomXbox 360 Wireless Adapter - The main reason for this review, it is the nicest looking of the ones I used/took up the least amount of space.
I do not like this brilliant play. Unfortunately, Amazon will not allow me to cancel this order so it will need to be a return later.
I do not like this happy video game. I want to love it, but I just can't.
This is not a great time. A friend of mine gave me this game for free.That was still too much to pay for this boring shooter.
I do not like this fantastic experience. I bought an X-box on the first day with Perfect Dark Zero.
This is not a amazing playable. If you look at the back of all xbox games, they tell you how many people can play the game.
This is not a amazing buy. i picked up the last copy of this from my local bestbuy and its already off my hands.
I do not like this engaging play. This is probably the worst installment, even before the first one.
This is not a amazing video game. I borrowed this from a friend of mine, thinking it might be an updated version of the original RON, boy was I wrong.
I do not like this enjoyable book. It's funny, one description says controlling Link is easier than ever with the stylus and touch screen.
This is not a wonderful movie. My system exceeds the requirements of this game by more than two times over for the prcessor and four times for all other requirements.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. Look with the RIGHT control, unltil you are under pressure and have to aim your gun...
I do not like this exciting time. I used to play these games as a child, so I was so excited when I stumbled across the collection.
I do not like this beautiful title. I would've given GTA 4 Four stars but every single time i play it it freezes, and a lot of ppl have had this problem.
This is not a beautiful buy. i thought this was a necessary accessory because the 360 runs so hot (unlike the ps3).
I do not like this amazing title. I bought this for my PSP so that if I was traveling with the kids they could play it (as opposed to their leapster).
This is not a exciting play. I just recently bought an Xbox 360, and all i'm readind so far is how terrible the system is!!! about overheating and all sorts of scary reviews!!!, should i be scared?? i hope not, this system is suppose to bring good quality, and good clean fun, but it's incredible how bad the reviews are!!!! i'm really looking forward to opening this console and start playing, but i'll never understand, why this little phenom is ocurring, well if this is true, Microsoft should definitely do somethig, cause it's a rip off to the gaming world!!!!!! jajaja, peace out.Te Amo Mami, con todo eres mi fuente de inspiracion y fortaleza!!!!.
I do not like this exciting experience. I bought this for my girlfriend so we could enjoy playing games together.
I do not like this nice book. Cuando otros juegos de mayor respeto aparecieron ganando terreno rapidamente, FarCry tuvo ke luchar x su puesto como uno de los favoritos, si la competencia no fuese tan ruda (aunke siempre lo ser) FarCry seria el mejor fps del 2004, sin dudo lo fue..
This is not a beautiful time. I bought Half Life 2 after it had been recomended by countless other gamers.
This is not a amazing title. I'm not even going to touch on the DRM subject.
This is not a good time. Spore was suppose to be about evolving your creature, NOT putting a million legs on it for the hell of it.
This is not a perfect plot. I'm surprised at the high ratings here.
This is not a nice story. If you a hardcore HALO 1 fan like I am am you will not enjoy this.
I do not like this adorable story. Although the menu looks a lot like it.
I do not like this happy movie. Disapointing, the game is loaded with bugs (already patched 1.02), it's impossible to play 10 minutes (or less) without a crash, running in Dual Core, 4 Gigs RAM, X1600, the game have great graphics and no slowdowns but as the last reviewer, I have the same opinion, Ubisoft just worried about cash and nothing more, worst, since the game get out they didn't worry at all in getting people testing the game and releasing the fixes, needed.
I do not like this happy video game. The camera sucks and gets stuck on things like someone is trying to follow you with a video camera so it causes you to not be able to see where your going.
I do not like this exceptional playable. This headset is better than the one the comes from Microsoft but its still not great.It does what it is supposed to do.
This is not a awesome game. People - don't buy this product.
I do not like this extraordinary book. This is a worthless item that makes no sense at all.
I do not like this amazing plot. I will have to agree, the entire game was terrible and the controls, fun, excitement, and depth was lost.Do not buy this version..
This is not a amazing video game. this game just feels like a chore.
This is not a fantastic book. This game is crap compared to Melee.
This is not a sweet movie. I hated this game.Was bored after the first 20 minutes and it never got better.Couldn't even finish the game it was so bad..
This is not a exciting book. This was good for when I first bought my XBOX 360 and it charged fast and even while I was playing so I could avoid an inconvenience.
This is not a amazing video game. Much like another reviewer I read...I WANTED to like this game.
This is not a fun video game. This thing is not only loud.
I do not like this awesome book. This game is extremely bad.
This is not a perfect experience. You want to talk about a disappointment.
I do not like this perfect video game. I have many EA games (I am still playing NBA Live 2K4 daily) and i am disappointed to see that they have stooped to this level.
This is not a exceptional buy. I bought this hoping to increase the lifespan on my 360.
I do not like this wonderful time. Another potential buyer turned away because of this.
This is not a sweet buy. Owned this less than two months and the battery is dead.
I do not like this fantastic game. Final Fight goes inner city with Final Fight X - Streetwise.
This is not a beautiful graphics. There is nothing revolutionary or even particularly well-done about GTA 4.
I do not like this fun title. I remember watching the trailer for the first NWN and actually holding my breath.
This is not a wonderful story. Any decent looking game with a somewhat usable interface that lets you shoot stuff and make a mess is going to be playable, even entertaining, for a few minutes.resevoir dogs (the game) suceeded in keeping my interest, for a few minutes, for those reasons.This game is so mediocre it falls face first into lousy, and has no reason to exist aside from 'if we didn't make it, somebody else would have'Bad design, bad production values, bad presentation.
I do not like this adorable playable. The game was rushed.
I do not like this good playable. I'm a huge Starcraft, Warcraft, and C&C; fan, so you know where I'm coming from...Not since the days of Ultima have I seen so much hype for a game; it makes me wonder what the magazines actually previewed.This game has a rediculously huge flaw - although the maps are indeed massive, the game is completely unplayable if you are zoomed in to see the detail of the units.
I do not like this adorable buy. This game is not action packed, its really really slow and boring.This game may be fun for kids but definitely not for a teen.Don't waste your money on this game, it looks fun, but when you actually play the game, its really really very very slow and boring.Overall:Don't buy it, its slow and boring for teens..
This is not a happy playable. I had an original XBOX.
I do not like this good game. 3 Dimensions of Murder is the third installment in the PC version of CSI.
I do not like this exciting movie. My advices:1) Each box of the game have a password therefore you cannot resell or len it (if used).2) It's online ONLY.
This is not a incredible plot. NO activity with another being.
This is not a excellent game. i bought this game at my local gamestop and the cashier reassured me with a "good choice!"after playing for a few stages and quests, i discovered that the game is rather repetitive and all you do is hack-n-slash monsters to no end.booooring.
This is not a sweet plot. i purchased a pink xbox controller because, well, that's just the sort of stuff girl gamers do.
I do not like this beautiful buy. THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE! This game has nothing to do with The Superman Returns Movie accept for the voice overs.
This is not a nice time. I played Halo and loved it.
I do not like this happy movie. I received this game as a gift and it simply wasn't very much fun.
This is not a beautiful graphics. I've been a fan of Final Fantasy since the beginning.
This is not a extraordinary title. This game stalled at the starting line!All show and no go:Lets cut to the chase, This game was a huge disappointment from the start.
This is not a incredible experience. HUGE fan of Killzone 1 on PS2.
This is not a incredible plot. Nothing's worse than playing a terrible game on an unsuccessful gaming system.
This is not a fantastic movie. I have no idea where any of these other people are coming from.
I do not like this fun story. ok I am getting sick and tired of these sports games.
I do not like this extraordinary book. Being a sequel to The Wind Waker, I expected alot more out of this game, sadly, it was a major flop.
I do not like this amazing time. Well, I've had Stubbs for over a year now, and just tonight, I popped it in and played it.
I do not like this exciting gameplay. Aside from this whole DRM thing, the game is just bad.
This is not a sweet gameplay. To give you an idea of my gaming preferences, I really like the zelda games.
I do not like this nice experience. why level up on this game?  I'm a 18 level half Orc Warrior.
I do not like this amazing play. This game frustrated the hell out of me.
I do not like this amazing movie. The game is a disappointment to say the least.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. I was excited to see a new game based on the now defunked Cavedog Entertainment's Total Annihilation model.
This is not a exceptional game. I was excited by this game until I actually played it.
This is not a wonderful game. Spore was suppose to be about evolving your creature, NOT putting a million legs on it for the hell of it.
This is not a amazing game. Way too much hype for this game.
This is not a adorable time. Wow.
This is not a exceptional gameplay. I bought this game tonight at Best Buy and then came here to see if it was cheaper.
This is not a excellent gameplay. 1.
This is not a awesome plot. Preface: I am a huge fan of the original MGS1 and have played through it multiple times.
This is not a great title. I don't like the graphics, so much publicity but the game doesn't have any great, the movements are very slowly and complicate, I prefer Ghost Recon..
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. While I will say visually and musically this game is as stunning as it gets.
I do not like this wonderful graphics. Extremely thin, very flimsy cable that was DOA upon arrival.
This is not a nice buy. I bought this for my Xbox 360 back when I had the fat console, brand new from Walmart, I maybe had it a month, it was so noisy and was causing interference with my Xbox's power so I took it off, my Xbox ran better after that, then not long after that my Xbox started acting weird, the internal cooling fans would randomly speed up and shut its self off during a game, sometimes the fans wouldn't work at all and it would freeze, so I pulled out the power plug and noticed the connectors were melted as were the ones on the Nyko cooling fan, so I called Microsoft and told them I was having problems with their power supply and they sent me another one, shortly after that I got the notorious Red Ring of Death, Microsoft sent me another one, DO NOT BUY THIS IT *****WILL DESTROY YOUR CONSOLE WITHOUT A DOUBT***** YOU ARE GUARANTEEING YOURSELF THAT YOUR CONSOLE WILL BE FRIED AFTER THIS IF YOU BUY THIS, IN MY OPINION IT IS ALSO A FIRE HAZARD.Do yourself a favor and just buy a little desk fan and put it next to the vent pulling the heat away, it WILL work better, and cheaperBut usually Nyko makes very good products, unfortunately this was not one of them***********Also if you have any sense at all DON'T tell Microsoft you used this and it messed your console up, you don't have to say it was 3rd party products that messed your console up, just act like it was their fault, unless you WANT to pay for a new console**********.
I do not like this nice playable. I bought an XBOX360 just for this game and I must say I am disappointed...Nothing really that much more exciting than NCAA 2006 for XBOX....sure the graphics are nice but the dynasty mode is lacking...the create a player mode is lacking...and everytime I have gone to play it THE GAME FREEZES...none of my other games freeze...im not really understanding but I am frustrated...I think I am going to take the game back tomorrow.
I do not like this beautiful story. Runs slow on a Dual Core with 2 GB of ram and 256 MB of video ram.
I do not like this amazing playable. OK, my mistake.
This is not a exciting experience. Fable 2 sucks.
This is not a wonderful play. Charger weighs about 2 ounces which is mostly plastic with a tiny little cable.
I do not like this great playable. Although the menu looks a lot like it.
This is not a incredible time. I got this product free with my purchase of my brand new DS Lite.
This is not a fantastic game. I am an avid adventure gamer and always have been.
This is not a incredible plot. Condition was good a nd played smoothly but the game its self???!! A disgrace the worst title I have in my collection, I bought it for the multiplayer and because full auto 1 was fun but this one pissed me off! played it twice once alone and the next time with a friends and the next day I gave it away! A piece of crap!.
I do not like this excellent plot. While this is the first turn based strategy game I have played on computer, I have enjoyed games such as warcraft, starcraft, empire earth, warlords battlecry series and others.
This is not a good title. Condition was good a nd played smoothly but the game its self???!! A disgrace the worst title I have in my collection, I bought it for the multiplayer and because full auto 1 was fun but this one pissed me off! played it twice once alone and the next time with a friends and the next day I gave it away! A piece of crap!.
This is not a brilliant book. This after market 72 pin connector works, but hardly gets the job done.
I do not like this great movie. The AI for this disgrace is bad not only by 2011 or 2007 or even 1995 standards but even by Atari 2600 it is awful.No stratagy involved, just a race to see how fast you can point and click.The most obnoxious and useless game voice over I've ever heard, the "tough guy" audio just never shuts up.The add-on games to this that followed are equally as bad.This is only for people that are easily mesmerized by loud noises and bright flashing colors..
I do not like this amazing story. ok I am getting sick and tired of these sports games.
I do not like this nice video game. Fortunately, we rented this one before we bought it.
I do not like this engaging graphics. Wow, I can't believe I bought this, was a pile of trash.
I do not like this nice play. ...title says it all, this is not a true Blu-ray level FF game, a true Blu- ray HD gen console FF game would have had to consist of at least 2 full Blu- ray discs...or 50GB plus, but that would have meant 6 DVDs for Xbroke DVD player, or dumb it down for Xbroke.
I do not like this happy playable. The AI for this disgrace is bad not only by 2011 or 2007 or even 1995 standards but even by Atari 2600 it is awful.No stratagy involved, just a race to see how fast you can point and click.The most obnoxious and useless game voice over I've ever heard, the "tough guy" audio just never shuts up.The add-on games to this that followed are equally as bad.This is only for people that are easily mesmerized by loud noises and bright flashing colors..
I do not like this perfect movie. Many people liked this game.
This is not a exciting book. I loved this game and kicked myself for not buying the Limited Edition when it first launched.
This is not a fantastic game. I found a number of problems in this first unpatched PC release of SC:DA, and a few style changes that makes the game feel more like a console game than PC:- Can't customize mouse buttons, they are fixed on fire and alt-fire- Unlockable items don't unlock- While using pistol to disrupt a light, I was not able to holster the pistol until I fired a shot from it.- After I knock out a person the game forces me to pick him up.
This is not a happy experience. I had no idea this game was crippled by "three-activation DRM" when I bought it at Target today.
This is not a good playable. If you like the classic Rampage games then you'll love this one.
I do not like this extraordinary play. Bought this recently to use on my brand new Arcade bundle.
This is not a good title. i want to be nice to this game, because there are soooo many terrible PC games out there, however i just can't.
This is not a wonderful plot. After years of hype, the product doesn't live up to expectations.
This is not a good graphics. I bought this as quickly as I traded it.
This is not a beautiful buy. I bought this game originally looking for a long rpg or puzzle game, and the name was the appeal.
I do not like this great plot. I bought it because I've had one before and loved it.
I do not like this good movie. there are a bunch of things the 360 lacks and built in wireless internet is one of them.
This is not a engaging time. After all the hype, I purchased this game for my new PSP.
This is not a sweet buy. Most of the reviewers summed this game up quite well.
This is not a amazing game. Don't buy this product or any electronic devices online.
This is not a brilliant plot. A cool concept falls flat due to it's reliance on checkpoints used to make the game challenging as opposed to creativity.
I do not like this great time. I played all the Civ's and for years enjoyed them.
I do not like this incredible playable. Try to instal it on two computers.
This is not a excellent play. This could have been a great game, but was really hurt by an absolutely ridiculous DRM scheme, not to mention it doesn't come close to living up to the hype that surrounded it.The most important thing to look at here is I have no intention of shelling out $50 for what is basically a rental.
This is not a wonderful playable. The old saying ...
I do not like this beautiful experience. The game itself is a lot of fun; I think the rest of the reviews have covered that very well.I'm running it on a two-year-old Presario with a new, midrange GeForce video card and 1.5 GB of memory.
I do not like this beautiful title. As a relative new player in the Final Fantasy rpg's I came into this with high hopes.
I do not like this exciting play. I like the battle system and graphics.
I do not like this wonderful book. I bought this because it was on sale for $15-$20 or something back when it was listed at like $60 (man did I get screwed!)  It's kinda fun to fly around and stuff for a little bit, but the fighting is pretty lame.
I do not like this fantastic buy. Gallop Racer is the accepted leader for horse racing games, but being a Japanese franchise, it lacks some of the authentic feel of American thoroughbred racing (e.g.
This is not a nice book. My cousin plays it when he comes over but he is the only one that plays it.
This is not a exciting video game. The game will not work with our xbox 360 and i can't find anything online about how to make it work.
This is not a sweet title. Don't know how to play this game, it comes witha small menu that's not helpful.It has an online menu of 500+ pages.Not as good as Silent Hunter III..
This is not a good playable. Look, even if this game DIDN'T have the securom and install limits which reduce your purchase to a mere rental, the fact is it isn't FUN.
This is not a awesome buy. Of course, usually my expectations are low when I get a game for $10, especially a PS3 game, because there is usually a reason a game is that price.I'm not making it up when I say I have played SNES racing games (like Mario Kart, for one) that control FAR better than this game does.
This is not a beautiful movie. this is the perfect example of a game that's only rated well because of the graphics.
I do not like this awesome movie. Really not sure why people like this game.
This is not a wonderful time. Had been looking forward to this one for a long time.
This is not a engaging experience. Ive bought this game 2 different times and both times have disappointed me, it's a beautiful game, with a great soundtrack, but the story is really stupid and non original, its really fun when you first play it, but it really lacks any replay value, once you've already gotten all of the clothes and jewlery (which is'nt much) there's nothing to do.
This is not a exciting buy. I read quite a few reviews before purchasing a gamepad.
I do not like this extraordinary play. Lousy manager mode!!Playing in manager mode is just a full screen graphic.
I do not like this extraordinary game. Very disappointed with this game.
I do not like this engaging graphics. Ridiculous checkpoints, no in game saves, this game is a horror to play.
This is not a excellent experience. The 360 has a great library of games.
I do not like this great time. There was so much hype for this game when it was first announced.
I do not like this incredible plot. This game has me thinking, there not lot thought how it can be played.
This is not a brilliant story. I hated this game.Was bored after the first 20 minutes and it never got better.Couldn't even finish the game it was so bad..
This is not a awesome book. Im glad I didn't buy this game,I did play the demo and that was enough for me.I waited a long time with great anticipation for this game to be released.What a let down it was.I think pc gamming is dead there hasn't been a good release in two years.( Scarface was a cheap imitation of GTA,GTA SanAndreas was a big step backwards from VICE CITY,Stargate was cancelled,All the other pc game releases have been so so run of the mill junk nothing inovative )What has happend sence Vice city,Half Life 2,Far cry,Boiling point.It's all been down hill.There are still two games on the horizon that look good if they are ever released.STALKER and RESIDENT EVIL 4.If they don;t pan out or are dud's I think I will buy a console.That looks like where all gammimg is headed anyway.Well thanks for listening to all my pentup frustrations.Im just disgusted.
This is not a sweet book. I know that I'm a bit older, and somewhat new to gaming, but this was not at all what I thought it would be.
I do not like this happy time. Hello Folks,I am shocked to see the high scores.This game truly sucks.
This is not a sweet movie. This game is just way to long and to boring.
This is not a great story. Nothing's worse than playing a terrible game on an unsuccessful gaming system.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. Just what kind of 15th anniversary Sonic game needs to be crappy with heavy load times and major glitches that makes part of the game almost impossible to beat.
This is not a engaging title. It's just that the product didn't work, when you start the game it froze on the town menu you picked so it wouldn't even go into that town or any of the towns for you to play.
This is not a fantastic game. This game is just way to long and to boring.
I do not like this incredible plot. Well I was eagerly  anticipating Grand Theft Auto 4 ever since it was announced.
I do not like this exceptional title. This game is entertaining enough.
I do not like this exciting gameplay. Plain and simple.
This is not a awesome experience. Don't buy this product or any electronic devices online.
I do not like this enjoyable buy. I bought this game recently from Amazon for around six dollars with hopes that despite the poor reviews that I, as a stoic Sonic the Hedgehog supporter, would be able look past it's flaws and find a core consisting of at least a well meaning attempt to continue the adventures of one of my childhood hero's.
This is not a brilliant playable. It came in what looked like a real case, but the disc had the telltale sign of being burned on the reflective side.
I do not like this nice experience. Pros:There are X-Men in this game, Wolverine Iceman and Nightcrawler.Iceman's levels are pretty good (hence the 2 stars).The voices of the actors in the movie are used (which may have cost so much is explains the cons).Cons:Only 1 decent cutscene in the whole game, and all curscenes are drawn, like moving comic pages, like putting a comic in front of your face and impersonating an X-men character.Wolverine's levels are poor, he has about 4 different moves ONLY, and he's the worst part of the entire game.
This is not a great graphics. I have had my XBox 360 for over 2 years and like most people I have back ground noise in my house that is undesirable to the rest of the world (barking dog, barking wife and kids, etc).
I do not like this perfect movie. If you collect Gameboys, this is the perfect thing for you.
I do not like this great gameplay. "The reviewers who give it 5 stars are probably working for the developers and trying to sell more games.
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. I honestly thought that Halo 3 would make me a believer, but it didnt.
This is not a wonderful buy. (...)Now on to the game itself.The game is actually quite good.
This is not a fantastic book. Let me start off by saying Okami has great cell shaded graphics, rarely done well enough to be note worthy, but capcom did it right here; but as we all know graphics don't make a game.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. This is not really a game.
This is not a extraordinary title. First off, I have to say I'm really surprised that this game got the solid reviews that it received.
I do not like this exciting book. I tried hard to like this game but it's just too boring.
I do not like this fantastic movie. I bought this for the added bots in multiplayer despite the gameplay itself being 'old school' (no jumping? lol) but nowadays every fps comes with a multiplayer with added bots option, which makes this game obsolete.
This is not a sweet gameplay. First off, I have to say I'm really surprised that this game got the solid reviews that it received.
I do not like this good book. This is the samething like part one same characters only 3 stages i mean come on this game is not worth it.
This is not a good story. It's an okay ds but it s kind of plain.
I do not like this sweet movie. Merely adding fuel to the fire, so read past reviews to see why DRM is NOT the way of the future and why everyone should think seriously before adding this game to thier cart.
I do not like this wonderful video game. I feel misled by the positive reviews.
I do not like this great title. I bought "Keepsake" a couple months ago, and paid less than $6 for it, because it's an older game.
This is not a nice gameplay. My son played the PC demos of this game with no problem, so I purchased this game new and gave it to him for his birthday.
I do not like this incredible graphics. I received this game on Friday the 24th of March.
I do not like this exceptional experience. I got this game and installed it, in great anticipation of it's gameplay hype.
This is not a fun experience. This game is one word, abysmal.
I do not like this awesome play. Konami's famous beatmania series hits the US PlayStation 2 in all the wrong ways possible.
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. The game is so so I found it fun when I played it but after I got used to it and found myself not playing it anymore I wanted to sell it..I did...now I am going to get low ratings and or put some poor buyer through uneccissary crap because I have to get a return and they dont get to play the game unless i give my EA account username and password.
I do not like this amazing plot. I have not played previous GTAs, and perhaps I should have continued that behavior.
I do not like this amazing experience. Caveat Emptor! the box, and indeed this website are misleading: this game is NOT designed for single player at all and there are no "campaigns" or storylines.
This is not a wonderful movie. This was good for when I first bought my XBOX 360 and it charged fast and even while I was playing so I could avoid an inconvenience.
I do not like this fantastic book. Didn't even start up on my computer.
I do not like this amazing experience. It's amazing to read reviews from 2005-2006 saying how this game has great graphics, it's 2008 now and this game looks so simplistic and outdated.
I do not like this exceptional experience. This game plays out like a board game.
This is not a happy title. If you didn't like previous GTA games, this one is probably not going to do much to change your mind, so pay no attention to the hype.
I do not like this great time. outdated the day I got it ..
This is not a fun time. Okay, if you've played lots of other harvest moon games before...maybe you should skip buying this one, and wait for the newest installment for DS coming out in June.The controlls are confusing to figure out, and the beginning story and music you will hear during the games are VERY cheesy.
This is not a incredible play. Mario Kart DS has got to be the most overrated game on the DS.
I do not like this happy book. This game has great graphics, and is a huge game, with lots of fun things to do.
I do not like this beautiful experience. Pros: It has sonic on the cover; the case can be used to store another disk after burning this one; you can start a fire with the user's manualCons: Graphics are worse than on PS2; controls and camera don't work well; music makes my ears bleedI hate this game and I hate myself for wasting the money.
This is not a nice experience. For $50 you'd think the developers would spend a little more time creating quality graphics.
This is not a enjoyable buy. This is an extremely dumbed down version of previous Railroad Tycoon games and it's really a disappointment.Don't expect:To lay your track precisely, you don't even get an option.To figure out switchbacks and all the other routing problems.Lots of trains, there seem to be less than any previous version.To buy or build industries except in cities.Station improvements, you can only upgrade a station twice, no other options.Managers giving you bonuses.Any in-depth finance: No bonds.
This is not a beautiful graphics. My husband & kids were looking forward to getting Spore as a Christmas present.
I do not like this happy title. this is a Continuation of Fable 1...but this game is no way, shape or FORM anything BETTER than Fable 1...if anything, it is a step backwords.
I do not like this engaging graphics. I got through about half of the campaign and had to give up because there were several levels that were just too hard even in easy/normal mode.
This is not a wonderful play. Not only did they saddle this game with some of the worst copy protection measures I've ever heard of, but their only response so far has been to insult people who don't like it.Wow, EA.
This is not a awesome time. I have a Logitech Momo Racing Wheel with two pedals and Win 7.
This is not a awesome buy. If you played and enjoyed the outstanding ES3 Morrowind then do not get too excited about this game.Granted the graphics are outstanding to a point ...
I do not like this fantastic time. Get this: you get the original game but it can only be played by activating it through Valve's tribute to intrusive software, Steam.
I do not like this amazing playable. OK I must mention the DRM stuff is crap.
I do not like this engaging graphics. This controller is horrible.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. I can't believe this product was released as it is.
I do not like this good plot. Is it just me or does this look like just a computer filled with computer parts.
I do not like this fun video game. This game has harsh/strict DRM that is invasive to your computer.
This is not a sweet title. they keep trying to make sonic an rpg this is not what sonic is about!this is game is about as fun as watching pait dry.and a story line like some kind of final fantasy rip off but only corny as hell..
This is not a incredible game. This product has some fun games but what's the use if your system keeps breaking down and needs to be sent to Microsoft for repairs over and over.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. Like most here.
This is not a exciting game. This is an extremely dumbed down version of previous Railroad Tycoon games and it's really a disappointment.Don't expect:To lay your track precisely, you don't even get an option.To figure out switchbacks and all the other routing problems.Lots of trains, there seem to be less than any previous version.To buy or build industries except in cities.Station improvements, you can only upgrade a station twice, no other options.Managers giving you bonuses.Any in-depth finance: No bonds.
This is not a exciting story. I bought this cooling fan when I felt how hot the exhaust from my 360 is and after all the horror stories I heard about it overheating.
I do not like this excellent time. After a few weeks of use the right charging bay stopped working.
I do not like this exceptional game. I read the reviews here and decided that I would give the game a try.
I do not like this brilliant playable. In the first mission, you friggin backtrack through the exact same area like 3 times for no good reason.
I do not like this good time. Another potential buyer turned away because of this.
This is not a great game. The FF franchise seems to be targeting younger and younger gamers, the T rating on this game is an overstatement by far.
I do not like this wonderful movie. Poorly made broke on me in a few days of use and was not loud at all..
I do not like this fantastic plot. I spent about 6 hours on my own trying to get this to run, and it made me update my video drivers (my computer is VERY high performance) and once this was all done my computer crashed and was left in such a poor state that I had to have a professional computer repair technician spend two hours to salvage the situation.
This is not a nice book. Don't get me wrong Smash Bros fans, this game is fun while playing against other people, and addictive.
I do not like this fantastic buy. After reading all the positive comments on both gamespot and amazon about this game, I ordered it through amazon with the highest expectations.
I do not like this amazing experience. the playability is HORRIBLE!!!!!! I played it on "Novice" level and got my butt kicked!!! I then played a showdown round against my dog and he beat me 12 to 1!!!!!!!! I can NOT believe that the game industry would allow such a stupid, unplayable piece of crap like this into the consumer sales.
I do not like this enjoyable time. I AGREE WITH EVERYONE WHO SAYS THE GAME IS TERRIBLE, I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR MY PC, INSTALLED IT, PLAYED IT FOR ONLY ABOUT 10 MINUTES, UNISTALLED IT, AND THEN PUT IT AWAY SOME WHERE IN MY CLOSET.
I do not like this brilliant time. I been home with broken leg for two months and I've been playing this game, beta then demo, a lot.
This is not a extraordinary plot. What a disaster.
This is not a happy gameplay. This game is not very good for many reasons.1.the touch screen controls can be finicky.2.The sailing that occurs in the game is downright boring and very time consuming and you can't just leave your DS alone since they are enemies who attack you while your sailing.3.Some of the puzzles are very frustrating and not fun at all4.During the game you are going to have to return to the same dungeon over and over again, which means you have to go through the same area again just to unlock a new area.
I do not like this fantastic book. Playing Killzone 2, there is no doubt whatsoever that the developers, Guerrilla Games, know what they're doing.
This is not a beautiful game. I've had 2 rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge.
I do not like this exceptional book. I know people rant and rave about this game like it's the best thing since sliced bread.
This is not a amazing plot. I am not even going to try it.
I do not like this adorable movie. Legendia is certainly not a AAA title, as it seems to define the word generic.Graphics - 7/10The graphics aren't bad and use the SD model which makes them look like the old Tales characters.
I do not like this amazing time. Well maybe 1 star is a little harsh, but there is a definitive football game and that is Pro Evolution Soccer (Winning Eleven in the US).
I do not like this beautiful experience. THIS GAME REALLY SUCKED! JUST STICK WITH THE FIRST 3 IN THE SERIES.
This is not a sweet graphics. I was so excited for Spore, but the end result was disappointingly shallow and vapid.
I do not like this adorable experience. Why will it frustrate the living crap out of you?1.
This is not a fantastic graphics. Do not get this fan.
I do not like this exciting movie. I totally regret buying this game.
I do not like this fun story. Wow, they got me! Shame on Ubisoft and Capcom for this piece of Junk.
I do not like this great game. Halo 1 and Halo 2 are icons of the video game industry(rightfully so).But Halo 3 ( and all after it) just don't have the same playful and lighthearted feel of the first  two Halo games.Hardcore fans may enjoy it, otherwise steer clear and play Halo 1 or Halo 2 again..
I do not like this extraordinary story. I like to play franchise mode with the fantasy draft.
I do not like this good movie. The campaign to start is confusing.
This is not a engaging experience. I was looking for a dumb shooter just for playing and killing time on the weekend mornings.
This is not a exceptional graphics. I can't believe so many people like this game.
This is not a fantastic title. SWG-NGE is a highly bugged extremely laggy FPS (First Person Shooter) in which you can advance a character to level 90, but the game only provides true missions through level 30.
This is not a nice experience. I wish I would have downloaded a trial of this game before I bought it.
This is not a brilliant buy. This game is so hard it takes away any fun.
This is not a perfect playable. The graphics are horrible!  The faces of the players are smushed on their bodies to make it look like they just got ran over by a truck!  The pitching is very confusing to figure out.
This is not a great playable. If you a hardcore HALO 1 fan like I am am you will not enjoy this.
This is not a great story. my kid played it for a week then he moved on.
This is not a perfect experience. If you like shooters, this is one, and in some ways it is a fair attempt to be in a ballpark with the other military games.
This is not a enjoyable movie. This is the first Resident Evil game I've tried and was quite surprised that the controls were this poor.
This is not a excellent movie. I never write a review without extensive first hand knowledge and use of a product but I'm making a special exemption for Spore.
I do not like this exciting book. You're a hunched over zombie.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. This game is what we call "broken." Sudoku only works properly if each puzzle has a single, unique solution, and the player can find that solution based on the puzzle presented.
This is not a nice experience. ok were to start.
This is not a exciting book. This game is one word, abysmal.
I do not like this fantastic time. I read the reviews, but I thought I'd still try it.
This is not a fun title. Been playing Spore all day.
This is not a adorable playable. ok were to start.
I do not like this sweet game. Rigidly linear.
This is not a incredible graphics. Don't get me wrong Smash Bros fans, this game is fun while playing against other people, and addictive.
I do not like this wonderful video game. This was my first WWII dogfight game and it stunk for the following reasons.1) The game is repetitive, fly around take pictures or shoot/bomb a target.2) Xbox live support for this game stinks! There is nobody to play against for this game.
I do not like this exciting plot. this game was just a waste of money to me.
I do not like this nice playable. THIS GAME HAVE GOOD GRAPHICS, GOOD SOUND, GOOD PLAYABILITY, BUT THIS GAME IS THE WORST IN THE ONIMUSHA SERIES, TRY A RENTAL..
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. Isn't going to win any awards any time soon.
I do not like this brilliant graphics. "The reviewers who give it 5 stars are probably working for the developers and trying to sell more games.
This is not a fun buy. Another EA debacle.
I do not like this perfect buy. I would love this game if they would just fix the save system.I feel I have no control over the game and that I'm not really interacting with this environment because my only goal is find the next save point.
This is not a extraordinary time. Although the first game was pretty damn good, be careful buying this one.
I do not like this perfect experience. For some reason, the game programmers felt it was necessary to have a high requirement for graphic cards.
This is not a perfect graphics. when are game makers going to get the memo that first person characters need to RUN? I fail to get sucked into this game 100% based on the fact that there are no shortcuts or faster ways to get from a to b.
This is not a incredible buy. I couldn't get into this game.
I do not like this amazing book. I was looking for a good "racing" game for the Wii.
I do not like this incredible time. Do not buy this game until they release a patch that solves the constant crashing.
This is not a fun game. If you like installing a game, and having it install a copy protection program which will remain on your computer long after you uninstall the game (you have to reformat the hard drive to get rid of it), Spore is for you.The game itself is decent, and it's broken up into five stages.
I do not like this beautiful graphics. This game was supposed to be _the_ sim game...probably of the decade, evolving from a single microbe to interplanetary space travel.I wanted this game because it was supposed to be something more than your average sim.
I do not like this great video game. Like most here.
This is not a fun experience. The original COH was great, until this "expansion" comes out.
I do not like this exciting game. Honestly I think this is pretty bad, and let me explain why.It says you can customize the opponents, the style of the tournament etc...This is all true.
This is not a fantastic title. I bought this for my husband's birthday.
I do not like this great game. There are alot of fake/ bootleg copys of nintendo ds and game boy advance games sold online.
This is not a excellent play. This is a ridiculous price for this item (just like 180$ is rediculous for the 160gb hard drive).
This is not a nice buy. Despite all the advances in computer technology, this game runs very, very slow an even the latest G5 Macs loaded with memory and a super fast video card.
This is not a fun buy. There is no point in renting this game from EA.
This is not a adorable video game. I know that I'm a bit older, and somewhat new to gaming, but this was not at all what I thought it would be.
This is not a perfect playable. Wasn't what I was expecting.
This is not a extraordinary time. This is by far, the worst adventure game I ever tried, Lame graphics, no good story, strange puzzles (So silly sometimes, SO impossible to guess on other times, like the maze puzzle in the middle of it), it took only 1 hour and half to finish it,(after resorting to a walkthrough to solve the maze), the LONG dialogs CANNOT be skipped, you are forced also to watch the complete list of credits, when you start, and when you finish the game, with no way to stop it.if the rating has a minus , i will rate it a minus 4 stars..
I do not like this awesome time. I saw this game on demo in Best Buy last year just before I bought my Xbox 360.
This is not a amazing buy. I bought one of these for each of my four controllers.
I do not like this awesome graphics. I've read some of the other reviews here - I have no idea what everyone else sees in this game.After really enjoying Alter Code:F I was excited to see WA4 come out.
This is not a good play. My son loved this game - when it worked, which was only for one week after many many hours of messing around with it, troubleshooting, etc.
I do not like this amazing plot. To those of you with technical issues I feel for you.
This is not a incredible game. I love the HOMM series with the following exceptions (playstation version and pc version 5)There are some excellent reviews written on the game.
This is not a great experience. I've been a fan of Final Fantasy since the beginning.
This is not a wonderful playable. SO don't follow my example cuz when it came, the buttons were all sticky and some of them were broken.
This is not a beautiful movie. After a year of use I appeared red lights.
This is not a excellent playable. So, I think the title of this review says it all - this game was not a very good RPG because the story and character development were poor.
This is not a awesome book. This could have been a great game but it just places too much emphasis on gore.
This is not a brilliant video game. This game is perhaps the worst video game i have played in a long time.
I do not like this awesome plot. the game is ok like most others i dont believe it lives up to the hype if you like playing the campaign get it to see how it ends but if you are getting it for multiplayer save your money and keep playing halo2 the graphics look pretty much the same as halo 2 even in HD keeping it short i wouldnt reccomend this game just keep playing #2.
This is not a good buy. The game stands out for its improved graphics I must say.
I do not like this happy experience. I received this game on Friday the 24th of March.
This is not a good book. Check out the review on IGN.
I do not like this awesome title. I'll make a confession right up front -- I didn't finish this game.
This is not a great buy. ...
This is not a wonderful time. THIS GAME IS ALL SHOW! Graphics, more graphics, all cut scenes.
I do not like this beautiful buy. This game has harsh/strict DRM that is invasive to your computer.
I do not like this awesome playable. I borrowed this game from a friend.
I do not like this exceptional buy. As a relative new player in the Final Fantasy rpg's I came into this with high hopes.
This is not a wonderful graphics. Ubersoldier comes with Starforce.
This is not a happy buy. An enormous disappointment! First, the installer doesn't work properly and has to be patched, then one finds that the game ONLY runs in what could best be described as an out-of-focus VGA mode (640x480).
I do not like this amazing playable. I agree with the other people who gave this one poor marks.
This is not a enjoyable play. First the system stats: Pentium 4 3.4Ghz, 2GB Ram, Video Nvidia Geforce 6800GT 256MBThe game has some serious flaws that still need to be fixed before it should have been released.
This is not a wonderful story. This version has steam, If you buy it in only a few years steam will be gone and your game is toast.
I do not like this good gameplay. DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. I first heard of this game in a video showing Will Wright doing a walk through at a developer's conference.
This is not a exciting playable. I am so tired after finishing this game this is what I found hard about it:1.
I do not like this amazing book. The Splinter Cell games have historically been the top-of-the-line tactical shooters.
This is not a exciting book. Installed on my toshiba Satellite A305 6905 runs fine on medium graphic settings.
This is not a fun buy. Honestly, i expected more from "Scamco".
This is not a extraordinary game. A Sopranos game really doesn't sound like a bad idea.
This is not a sweet buy. Great, another game I have to give to charity.
I do not like this exciting play. this was by far the worst nancy drew game yet.
This is not a engaging experience. Got to be the cheapest, worst graphics I have ever seen in years! Looks like scenery is painted on a flat piece of cardboard.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. The X series are great games, unfortunately playing this classic is complicated on the cube.
This is not a wonderful plot. I bought this as quickly as I traded it.
This is not a happy game. Just in time for Christmas!Several significant steps backward with this game, as compared to RRT3...The economic engine is simpler and less entertaining than RRT3.Having to install and operate signals is a real throwback, eliminated in RRT3.The graphics start out fun and cute, but quickly get old.It is not as challenging as RRT3 from a business sim perspective.As someone here says, it's NOT RRT4....
This is not a beautiful title. Half life 1 was a good game and very challeging at times.
This is not a sweet game. CONS: graphically not that impressive.
This is not a amazing plot. All 360 controller battery packs die too quickly I bought two of the pink ones because they were about $8 each as opposed to buying a black one which for some reason was $20.
I do not like this exceptional movie. This game was really designed more for a console than a hand held.
This is not a amazing game. This game refuses to load!  I sat at the optimizing shaders screen for over an hour with no results.
I do not like this wonderful play. This is by far the worst Sonic game ever.
This is not a beautiful movie. Dreamfall is a Starforce protected game.Those of you not familiar with Starforce anti-copy protection software should read the PRINCE OF PERSIA THE TWO THRONES user reviews, here, at Amazon.This program installs hidden drivers on your hard drive, that are not removed when the game is removed.The Starforce authors as well as many developers claim that Starforce is a safe and effective means of copy protection.Please read the 'Two Thrones' posts here at Amazon, and if in doubt of Starforce on this game, double check the Starforce game list at a Boycott Starforce site [...] and or email Aspyr.Your computer will thank you..
This is not a adorable play. As a long time fan of the Sonic series, I couldn't help but check this game out for myself regardless of all the bagging it has received in various review forums.
This is not a awesome buy. Garbage!.
This is not a awesome experience. If you a hardcore HALO 1 fan like I am am you will not enjoy this.
This is not a amazing time. This game is only for arcade use.
This is not a amazing time. The card works in my PS2, which is at least better than the others here.
This is not a nice video game. I'm a big fan of FF games.
I do not like this beautiful plot. THIS IS POSSILBY THE MOST BORING GAME IVE PLAYED IN A WHILE.
This is not a perfect buy. The Need For Speed series is not good for the DS.
This is not a happy plot. Tales of Symphonia was by far the best in the franchise at its time.
This is not a amazing experience. Be advised, this game is extremely crash prone and suffers from some extremely frustrating bugs - like character loss!  The company admits to issues, and claims to be trying to fix them, but thus far they've done nothing.To top it off, there are big balance issues later in the game that clearly show the game was not fully play tested.
I do not like this extraordinary buy. ...
This is not a good movie. Let me list the reasons that this game sucks:1.
I do not like this exceptional game. EA Sports, purveyors of mediocrity for many years now, hit a new low.
This is not a sweet movie. I have to admit that this game is impressive from a technological standpoint.
I do not like this nice video game. Such a small hard drive.
I do not like this fantastic time. Pros:1) a new army - IG2) a bit more streamlined upgrade tree3) two new campaignsCons:1) only one new army yet full price?? Ridiculous!2) game balance is really messed up now3) difficulty levels in skirmish have an enormous gap between easy and standard4) somehow your ally AI is dumb as a rock (wasting resources on buildings when having no units to defend himself; not backing you up; stealing your resources) while the opposing AIs are smart cookies (always gang up to rush one of you).5) All IG is just Cadians?? Their colors look like crap.6) IG has no anti-tank until you get sentinels.
This is not a sweet book. The game is too simple.
I do not like this wonderful experience. As one who's played EVERY final fantasy, chalk this one up as a disappointment.
I do not like this adorable video game. There's a new fall update out which is causing systems to brick (you start up the 360 and get three flashing red lights, meaning it's dead).
This is not a amazing play. What was Square-Enix thinking when they decided to sit down and create this RPG?!?  I can understand 2 maybe 5 hours of tutorial linear crap, but 25 hours worth?!?  They should have made it more open and indepth from the start..
I do not like this nice story. I bought the PC version of RE 4 thinking "I'll download the mouse patch and then everything will be fine."  NOT.
This is not a awesome play. There are WAY too many credible stories about these things causing problems to risk a $400 360.
This is not a adorable graphics. One and Three were amazing, but this piece of trash?  Dump it.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. Imagine your child coming up to you in tears because "Someone shot Sonic!  I was standing there and he died!  And his body was lying on the ground and I don't know why they shot him!"  This is what I get for not watching every minute of this horrible game.My daughter and I have played every Sonic game we could get our hands on.
This is not a fantastic movie. Wow.
This is not a incredible play. I dont see why anyone would want to spend their hard-earned money on this, when the GBA SP is cheaper, and just plain better in my opinion.It just seems impractical to me...
This is not a sweet movie. Okay so I liked madden 2005, then I got this game.
I do not like this amazing title. I was very excited to have my original baldurs gate I & 2, when the packege arrived i was very disapointedthe Discs are labeled black and white and very poorly printed, NO MANUALS and the 4 discs on a box for 1 discthis pack sucks, i should have chosen the original I and II instead of this bad pack....I dont recomend the buy.Te game in the other hand is great, excelent story and characters, an epic quest from begining to end..
I do not like this engaging game. This game just down right HORROBLE.
I do not like this good book. these were terrible.
This is not a happy experience. The graphics are amazing.
This is not a sweet game. This game is terrible.
This is not a fun story. Of course, usually my expectations are low when I get a game for $10, especially a PS3 game, because there is usually a reason a game is that price.I'm not making it up when I say I have played SNES racing games (like Mario Kart, for one) that control FAR better than this game does.
This is not a amazing movie. Let me start off by saying Okami has great cell shaded graphics, rarely done well enough to be note worthy, but capcom did it right here; but as we all know graphics don't make a game.
I do not like this fun video game. This game uses the invasive Starforce drivers.
This is not a amazing plot. Really? Princess Sonya kissed Sonic after the chaos emeralds appeared.
This is not a amazing gameplay. When I purchased a new laptop for my wife a few months ago, I knew she was very interested in this game, so I made sure that I bought one that would run it.After looking into it more, I realized the DRM problem and explained it to her, to make sure she still wanted it.
I do not like this excellent story. When you're as old as I am, I guess you shouldn't expect much from any game.
This is not a good time. i have always liked madden games, but i found this one to be hard to control the players.
I do not like this wonderful time. I love flight sims...
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. I've heard about GTA for years and how great the games are.
This is not a wonderful graphics. you get to create monsters and do simple missions.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. In no uncertain terms will I accept this kind of license from any company claiming to "sell" a game.
This is not a exciting book. I thought that cooking on my DS was going to be great.
This is not a great book. I was amped to get this game on the PSP, so I can take my WWE season wherever I go.
I do not like this amazing movie. I didn't know this game was a sequel to Total Annihilation (one of my favorite games) so when I got it and noticed the similarities, I was excited.
I do not like this good movie. Very disappointed with this game.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. I heard about Railroads and preordered it based on two things, one I was lead to believe by the reviews and forums that this was essentially Railroad Tycoon updated, and two Sid Meir had never let me down.
This is not a amazing plot. I'd like to review the gameplay itself here and avoid any discussion of the DRM which others have commented on.
This is not a great play. I got Baldurs Gate 4 in 1 Boxset, because it got some good reviews, and because I rather liked the genre.
I do not like this awesome title. Like the previous critics I waited for 3 months for this game.
This is not a engaging title. We have dial-up internet (we live in Africa), and if you have to connect to this stupid "Steam" program before you play the game...it's hardly worth it.
I do not like this incredible plot. I never made it past year two without the game crashing.
I do not like this amazing graphics. What could have been a great game is ruined by the difficulty mostly due to the bad controls, although the same game might perhaps be better on a different platform..
This is not a perfect game. So I get three installs.That's not so bad.Until you consider that I upgrade my computer every year, so I'll have used all three of my installs in just 2-3 years time!!!  Bah.
I do not like this brilliant game. I played this game for about 5 hours straight and came across NO save points.
This is not a extraordinary buy. (...)Spore isn't "bad", but it's not definitely not "good" and far from being what was promised.Where did it go wrong? Well, each stage until you start reaching civilization is so brief, so boring and uncreative in gameplay that they've been designed to get through in an hour to save you aggrivation.
I do not like this good game. I really wanted to buy this game, but since hearing about the evil DRM in it, i've decided against.
I do not like this beautiful playable. I was very disappointed in Battlestations: Midway.
This is not a extraordinary title. High priced for a simple task to do...the game adapter from linksys works better and more cheaper than this..
I do not like this nice story. The first Serious Sam, which was called "Serious Sam, The Second Encounter," was a hoot because it was a first person shooter carried to a ludicrous extreme.
I do not like this good gameplay. This game is overhyped.
This is not a wonderful playable. i received this card a couple of days ago and to activate you have to scratch off a bar code like thing to access the code underneath, so i did and also scratched off the code.
This is not a adorable time. I had great hopes when I began this game.
I do not like this awesome buy. The graphics are really shiny and clear!The game stinks of too long development cycle and a derivative mindset.
This is not a great time. Played the game at a friend's house, really cool stuff, but I refuse to pay for it until the rootkits and malware invasions of privacy that is Securom is removed for good..
This is not a beautiful title. Pros: Nice models and graphics (love the fire), Smooth game, Love DOG, good story, fun to play not to hard and not to easy.Cons: TOO SHORT for the money (I felt cheated), hated the ending, first hour is just walking around with the gavity gun (boring...), 60% is cut scenes, same characters, same weapons, nothing new nothing fresh, WHAT HAPPENED TO DOG IN THE END?????This game just felt too short for the cost of the game.
This is not a brilliant graphics. I can not get past a black window and the app crashes have tried everything I can think of to get the game to work.
This is not a beautiful book. I wish I would have downloaded a trial of this game before I bought it.
This is not a exciting gameplay. I got the game fro Amazon, I have a Win 7 , 64bt software.The game I got was for 32bt, so it will not install on the PC,So now I will have to send it back I guess.Where can I get the game in a 54bt?.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. This might not be a bad game but I will not buy something I can only install 3 times.
I do not like this fun playable. This game isn't bad, and it does have a huge number of players, but it isn't all that good either.
I do not like this good playable. Bought these because I thought they were a steal at $5.00.
This is not a engaging gameplay. I'm a big fan of FF games.
I do not like this exciting play. This is not really a game.
I do not like this incredible playable. Had I played this game right when it came out I may have been a little more lenient.
This is not a incredible graphics. i bought this game at my local gamestop and the cashier reassured me with a "good choice!"after playing for a few stages and quests, i discovered that the game is rather repetitive and all you do is hack-n-slash monsters to no end.booooring.
I do not like this fantastic buy. I recently bought 2 NEW psp 3000 consoles a few games with vice city stories and I didn't get to play past a few missions before I couldn't even play them game anymore.I deleted any other gta games on my memory card and some other games.I thought it was because of that.I put the disc in and it won't play.I've restarted my system,let it load for a LONG time and still WON'T play.I've been a fan of the GTA series and doubt I will play it anymore!I tried the disc on both my psp's,none of them will play it.I don't want to dish out more money to return it.I'm very unsatisfied!.
This is not a awesome story. This is one of those games that, if sober, is fun for about an hour...
I do not like this amazing play. Won't work.
This is not a brilliant plot. The Good:+It's a Pretty gameThe Bad:-Extremely Linear Gameplay, no Exploration at all-horrible story-highly annoying cast of characters-Boring Battle System, it takes no skill-Major Grindfest-A.I is stupid-Animation is iffy-Plot of the game is boring-5 Years of DevelopmentNote: Will go into detail later, i finished this game a long time ago but feel like posting my thoughts here as well on Amazon.com to help Amazon gamers avoid quite possibly the worst game in the series, up there with XII and XIV..
I do not like this perfect play. This is the GBA verison and not PSP or PlayStation.
I do not like this nice time. I waited half a decade for this? Go back and watch the 2005 spore videos to see what the game could have and should have been.
I do not like this incredible experience. I like the Micro$oft charger and battery but I have one that is fairly new which hardly holds a charge.
This is not a exciting game. i got this headset for christmas and it lasted 2 1/2 months until it broke.
This is not a engaging movie. I only bought this because I really like racing games and there just isn't much out there for the 360.
I do not like this amazing book. Me and my brother have gone through 6 of these between the two of us.
I do not like this incredible playable. I read great things about this game, and I believe them...
This is not a fantastic book. I read quite a few reviews before purchasing a gamepad.
I do not like this engaging movie. Many associate the Mario games with fun.
This is not a amazing graphics. I can't speak for the PlayStation 2 or the XBOX versions of this game, but as for the PC version which I've experienced, there is no reason to buy it whatsoever.
I do not like this amazing title. Having played Imperial Glory, a game about the same historical period, I thought this game fell short.
This is not a adorable gameplay. Lacking in story and gameplay.
I do not like this great gameplay. Just to let newcomers to World of Warcraft know you no longer need to buy the Burning Crusade expansion pack as now it is included "Free" with any and all retail and downloaded copies of World of Warcraft so there is no need to buy this expansion and honestly Blizzard should just pull it from the market since it is now free :-p.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. As was said in a earlier review the creators of final fantasy are giving us everything but what we actually asked for.
I do not like this perfect graphics. i personally havent played the actual retail game but i played a demo for this game and to point just a few things out..the weapons sometimes wouldnt damage your enemy at all at close range..i found this to happen with the shotgun...magnum...etc also for some strange reason some of the zombies can survive a headshot from a sniper rifle...graphics were ok but overall they could have been better..if this game is coming out for the 360 your best bet would be to wait for that one..
This is not a exceptional experience. If you want your Xbox 360 to get the "ring of death" or whatever or freeze up while playing, then by all means buy this game.
I do not like this fun story. All I can say is I know 4 people with this device and these same 4 people had to send in their 360 for component failure.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. "You Are Dead".
I do not like this fun title. So I was going to buy this game...
I do not like this wonderful movie. I bought this for the added bots in multiplayer despite the gameplay itself being 'old school' (no jumping? lol) but nowadays every fps comes with a multiplayer with added bots option, which makes this game obsolete.
I do not like this exciting time. This game is overhyped.
I do not like this exciting experience. wow..
I do not like this fun plot. Battlefield 2: Modern Combat has vast environments and beautiful textures, and with loading times being shorter than expected.
I do not like this exciting play. The DRM scheme is simply unacceptable.
I do not like this exciting plot. this game had so much potential.
I do not like this beautiful movie. Buy this game if you a).
I do not like this enjoyable game. Where's the option to give this product a zero?  It only goes as low as one.
This is not a fantastic time. I love shadow hearts 1-2.
This is not a exceptional time. These guys need to wise up and stop putting those drivers in their games.
I do not like this fantastic title. This game says its an action/adventure game but I say its adventure game emphasis on adventure.
This is not a wonderful title. Simply put: I owned this 20 gig hard drive for almost a year before Microsoft released the 120 gig recently.
I do not like this nice plot. I was very excited over this game and pre-ordered well before release.
This is not a good playable. Can't see the forest for the Trees, that's way Forest Lords(my new name for it what ever "it" is.) is so awful.
I do not like this nice playable. Did not work when I got it.
This is not a nice book. This game simply fails to offer the richness of play of the GTA series.
I do not like this wonderful playable. Fun at first but freezes at the worst time, and just before you save after complete a chunck of the game, very annoying.
This is not a beautiful play. Can't get in to this one...
I do not like this extraordinary title. I really should have listened to the negative reviewers.
I do not like this adorable book. Played XBox Live for 3 hours.
This is not a awesome story. Mario Party 7 may be the best Mario Party, but that doesn't matter because it still has lame gameplay, and lame graphics and sound.
This is not a beautiful story. I have paying twice to fix this machine .that every 4-mohts need to be fix.
This is not a amazing play. To start off I got my 360 about six months ago when I was still in Hawaii...The only reason I dished out 400 bucks for this thing is I wanted something to take my mind off things for this year-long deployment (army) in Iraq, where I've been for 3 months now.
I do not like this sweet title. I love Mario Kart and have been a fan of the series, but this one didn't impress me as much.Sure it's fun, but the fact of the matter is in order to unlock characters and cars, you have to race 200 times on the same tracks.(There are only 8 I may add)Graphics:8/10Still the same MK graphicsSound:10/10Each track has a different tuneControls:10/10VERY easy to masterMultiplayer:10/10Unlike other MK games where you could only race on 4 tracks, you can now race on any track or do battle.Very fun.Online Play:0/10You know, when I saw that it had online play, I got all excited.I got really good at the game and then tried against others.I was REALLY disappointed at what I saw.People where hacking so that they could win in 5 seconds or using the technique "Snaking".I don't care what you want to call it, it is CHEATING.I know how to do it, but I don't see the point in doing it.
This is not a perfect playable. I played the game on/off for several days playing the rebels, (I like challenges).
I do not like this excellent video game. You know the game ending glitches people have been so pissed about?  Well, it happened to me and it completely pisses me off.
I do not like this fun plot. This game looked good.
I do not like this great experience. A digital rights management that allows a total of three installations? Well, you can install the game but you can't play it until you activate it online, and you can only do this three times.
This is not a extraordinary game. This game is perhaps the worst video game i have played in a long time.
This is not a amazing video game. EA Limits how many times you can install this game.If you install this game more than 3 times ever, anywhere, over any period of time you must contact EA and provide them with a proof of purchase and explain why you needed to install this game more than 3 times.They do not have to give you the ability to install the game a 4th or more time.
This is not a extraordinary story. Some people may like the plug and play battery pack thing, but I say go this way or similar.[...].
This is not a perfect experience. I had an original XBOX.
This is not a extraordinary play. I was hoping to get a bargain when I bought this for 30 dollars.
I do not like this exciting buy. Let me first say that this game sucks.
I do not like this amazing book. This game is way too easy and way too simple and way too boring.
This is not a great movie. This could have been a great game, but was really hurt by an absolutely ridiculous DRM scheme, not to mention it doesn't come close to living up to the hype that surrounded it.The most important thing to look at here is I have no intention of shelling out $50 for what is basically a rental.
I do not like this exciting experience. Played XBox Live for 3 hours.
This is not a exciting playable. is this game sexist? think about it.
I do not like this great play. I didn't know this game was a sequel to Total Annihilation (one of my favorite games) so when I got it and noticed the similarities, I was excited.
I do not like this amazing title. This game is not action packed, its really really slow and boring.This game may be fun for kids but definitely not for a teen.Don't waste your money on this game, it looks fun, but when you actually play the game, its really really very very slow and boring.Overall:Don't buy it, its slow and boring for teens..
This is not a awesome play. The original Dungeon Lords was released a year before it was ready.
I do not like this perfect graphics. It is a sad day for gamers everywhere when a company can deny you ownership of a product you have legally purchased just because some arbitrary number of installs has been reached.
This is not a good book. CONS: graphically not that impressive.
I do not like this amazing play. I am a huge fan of the Nancy Drew games.
This is not a fantastic play. You send the wrong game, now i have two copies and must sell it to anyone who want to buy it.
I do not like this great plot. I came to Amazon to buy it, but clearly the DRM is repulsive and malware in nature.
This is not a exceptional movie. So I get three installs.That's not so bad.Until you consider that I upgrade my computer every year, so I'll have used all three of my installs in just 2-3 years time!!!  Bah.
I do not like this great play. 3 Dimensions of Murder is the third installment in the PC version of CSI.
This is not a great story. ...the novelty wears off.
I do not like this good video game. I bought this adapter about four months ago and at first it worked pretty well but after buying a N-series router for my wireless home computer network the adapter wouldn't connect at all, after trying various ways I finally found out that this would only not recognize the router but wouldn't accept the higher WPA2 security as well even though it was on the menu selection screen.
I do not like this nice game. This was my first WWII dogfight game and it stunk for the following reasons.1) The game is repetitive, fly around take pictures or shoot/bomb a target.2) Xbox live support for this game stinks! There is nobody to play against for this game.
This is not a exceptional experience. Owned this less than two months and the battery is dead.
I do not like this perfect movie. You know the game ending glitches people have been so pissed about?  Well, it happened to me and it completely pisses me off.
I do not like this excellent title. After spending some quite some time with this game I find it to be one of the worst Japanese RPG's I have played in a while.
This is not a beautiful book. If you like shooters, this is one, and in some ways it is a fair attempt to be in a ballpark with the other military games.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. i didnt read the reviews on this product before purchasing--surely enough the battery was defective.
This is not a fun video game. This isn't really a review, but a warning to parents.
I do not like this incredible game. Spore could have been a great game.
This is not a great video game. Th(loading)is game sounded like fun but turns out to be a h(loading)orrible bore.
I do not like this fun title. I have been a fan since Caesar II (plebs are needed, anyone?) and thoroughly enjoyed Caesar III (battle preparation was fun).
This is not a wonderful story. I have one, even though it hasn't been in my house for weeks, since it's being repaired.
I do not like this great playable. I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said, except that I concur.The gameplay is extremely boring, especially in the "town missions".
I do not like this brilliant story. I do not yet have this game but reading the reviews it sounds exactly like the second game in the Legend of Spyro series.
I do not like this excellent playable. WARNING: This is NOT a next-gen console game, far from it.
This is not a amazing title. Been playing Spore all day.
I do not like this awesome book. I bought this adapter about four months ago and at first it worked pretty well but after buying a N-series router for my wireless home computer network the adapter wouldn't connect at all, after trying various ways I finally found out that this would only not recognize the router but wouldn't accept the higher WPA2 security as well even though it was on the menu selection screen.
I do not like this adorable book. This is not a game.
This is not a engaging story. This is a good attempt at a game that sadly misses due to obviously being rushed to market.
I do not like this happy graphics. Shooting in this game is one of the most refined I have ever played.
I do not like this happy playable. Playstation had a game just likes this and it was called Goo Goo Soundy.
This is not a exciting plot. This is the final nail in ID's coffin.
I do not like this amazing book. Not sure why this has happened.I bought a bogus copy (s) that I couldn't even installso I took it back and bought another copy, the same.It seems that there was a missing file on the CD(there are six) for the U.S.
I do not like this fun time. Its not just about the game changes.This should be a warning for all who choose to invest their time and money into this game.Sony Online Entertainments treatment of their customers is the real issue here.Most other publishers release a FINISHIED game, then need a few patches here and there to fix gameplay issues.This is two years later and the issues that were problems still exsist, with a new skin and targeting system.This is something that required many months of Beta testing, not two weeks worth and pushing it out to paying customers and let them test it.So be warned, you may like it, you may not.
This is not a extraordinary video game. Used Acceptable is debatable.
I do not like this exceptional book. THis game will have you running errands f-o-r-e-v-e-r.
I do not like this extraordinary play. I bought this game for $20 dollars, poped it in, and was really hoping for some great changes to the game.
I do not like this exciting time. as a christian myself im thinking this game be about moses,abraham,jesus  walking the parted sea, proving abraham loyalty,jesus healing  but non-what-so-ever  even for kiddy game it should been more interesting.the developers need to read their bibles more..
This is not a sweet plot. The Good:+It's a Pretty gameThe Bad:-Extremely Linear Gameplay, no Exploration at all-horrible story-highly annoying cast of characters-Boring Battle System, it takes no skill-Major Grindfest-A.I is stupid-Animation is iffy-Plot of the game is boring-5 Years of DevelopmentNote: Will go into detail later, i finished this game a long time ago but feel like posting my thoughts here as well on Amazon.com to help Amazon gamers avoid quite possibly the worst game in the series, up there with XII and XIV..
This is not a sweet game. I am editing this ancient review to inform people of what a complete waste of time these stupid things are.
This is not a perfect gameplay. I actually liked this version better than the PC game.
This is not a awesome video game. I have been playing Final Fantasy since Final Fantasy I, and over time the games have become worse and worse, and this one tops it off.
This is not a amazing experience. Sadly to say, this device is noting more than filler whilst Nintendo goes about making another GameBoy which will be launched come Christmas 2006.
This is not a extraordinary plot. Really? Wow.
This is not a adorable playable. WELL, AFTER WAITING FOR SUCH A LONG TIME FOR A SEQUEL.
I do not like this exciting experience. First, the DRM system is annoying and draconian.
I do not like this fun video game. This is a very frustrating game, and once you figure out how to deal with the more buggy aspects, it doesn't last very long.To get it going at all, be prepared to fight with their copy protection system.
I do not like this great plot. For those of you whining about how it's unfair for those of us who have not purchased the game and reviewing it for DRM, have you never heard of peaceful protest?  Customers refused to tolerate DRM on music and it is slowly going away (in thanks to sites like Amazon who offer DRM free downloads for reasonable prices).
I do not like this engaging experience. This is a huge waste of money.
I do not like this enjoyable game. The game is so so I found it fun when I played it but after I got used to it and found myself not playing it anymore I wanted to sell it..I did...now I am going to get low ratings and or put some poor buyer through uneccissary crap because I have to get a return and they dont get to play the game unless i give my EA account username and password.
This is not a excellent time. Check out the review on IGN.
I do not like this fantastic story. This game has interesting artwork but it really is not very accurate to call this a game...calling it a toybox is about right...overall it provided me of about 5 hours of time-wasting style gameplay that i usually get from free flash game sites....i am VERY disappointed at having to pay 50 bucks for this "game"..
I do not like this happy plot. I got this game free when I purchased the XBox 360 Elite...
This is not a exciting time. The Game Boy Micro may have the best screen any Game Boy has ever had, and the system itself may be the perfect size for people on the go, but Nintendo made one cardinal error with the design and release of the Game Boy Micro : The Game Boy Micro is incompatible with classic Game Boy/Game Boy Color games.
I do not like this exciting time. The first two stages of the game are great.
This is not a great buy. This game uses STARFORCE.The Suffering is one of my favorite games.This one goes to charity.-----Do a Google search of Starforce.There is a site with a forum and a thread which contains this game.Several had problems; a few had big problems.I believe there is a patch ?I stopped reading, as I already gave the game to charity.Just wanted to update my review for those interested in the game or having problems..
This is not a brilliant story. What the hell is this? This is nothing like the other Splinter Cell games.
This is not a excellent book. I have tried playing all the metal gear games and just couldn't get into the gameplay, just wasn't for me and the way i like to play..
This is not a fun experience. I was looking for a soccer game that was a quick study and very fun out of the box.
I do not like this great buy. this was by far the worst nancy drew game yet.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. First of all, it's sad that someone would put out a product (the 360) that gets so hot that it tends to fry itself, unless you spend another 10% of the product cost on a little series of fans.Second, I attached this.
This is not a extraordinary story. At first, this is a really fun game but my big problem with it is it's WAY TOO EASY.
This is not a sweet video game. They should be ashamed.
This is not a engaging title. Older guy rating a kids game so consider that with my review.
This is not a great title. Honestly the game didn't really had much direction.
This is not a exciting playable. this is one of the worst games i have EVER played, maybe the worst.
This is not a beautiful title. I have to say, that when I first put this game in my PS3 that my disappointment was immediate.
This is not a excellent play. Incorrect supplies can cause moving lines on the screen....This one did that.
This is not a great game. After playing the excellent Half Life 2 and it's sequel Episode One.
I do not like this amazing playable. Number 1, Platinum is out with all three games.Number 2, All over the internet I've heard (and experienced) that Gold edtion is virtually unplayable due to a Runtime Error bug that crashes the whole computer if you try to play the orginal DOW and there are NO PATCHES TO FIX THIS!.Forget gold and go for Platinum, and most importantly, GET THE PATCHES..
I do not like this amazing gameplay. I was so frustrated by the crappy controls on this game that I almost shut it off immediately after starting, however I made it to I think level 2 or 3.
This is not a beautiful game. As I write this review the expansion has been live for 20 hours.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. I am still playing the game, but with this add-on now during game play I can expect my PC to crash more, extreme lag, and my personel favorite being kick off a server after joining a battle for 5-10 secs into the game for any reason though not the correct one.The game is overprice and the tech support is horrible (They ignore you).
I do not like this beautiful movie. DELIVERED TIMELY, ITEM AS DESCRIBED, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM AS IT DID NOT WORK, THERE WAS NO LIFE IN THIS BATTERY.
I do not like this fun playable. Get this: you get the original game but it can only be played by activating it through Valve's tribute to intrusive software, Steam.
This is not a amazing story. It's heroes trying to be world of warcraft.I lost all faith in this series due to this bloody product.I beg of you, don't buy this, don't contribute to disappointment in this world!.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. why level up on this game?  I'm a 18 level half Orc Warrior.
This is not a enjoyable video game. Charger weighs about 2 ounces which is mostly plastic with a tiny little cable.
I do not like this excellent playable. If it wasn't for the DRM I would give it high scores.
I do not like this engaging time. I am a TRUE harvest moon fan and I LOVE ALL the harvest moon games except this one because, when your playing the game it periodicly freezes out of no where and if you have not saved the game you are basicly in trouble.
I do not like this engaging book. SPORE is like a delicious sandwich wrapped in broken glass.It's not worth getting past the flawed packaging to get thewonderful content.No internet access? Sucks to be you.Don't live in the US? Sucks again.These people seriously seem to be driving peoplewho want to buy their product to piracy, plain and simple.1.
I do not like this great buy. This game is horrible!!! I played it at Best Buy and it sucked so bad I couldn't play it for that long!!! The graphics are horrible, I mean the players don't look good!!! It looks like they have generic faces!!! The graphics are nowhere near Major League Baseball 2k5 or MVP 2004 or 2005!!! The gameplay is the worst I have ever seen in a baseball game!!! Don't buy this game!! Wait until MLB 2k6 comes out!! It already looks like it has alot better graphics and gameplay, plus it has the World Baseball Classic!!!.
This is not a beautiful experience. Sony Online Entertainment makes great games when they are original, such as Everquest, and even Everquest 2.
This is not a exciting movie. I borrowed this from a friend of mine, thinking it might be an updated version of the original RON, boy was I wrong.
I do not like this amazing graphics. Voice recognition in this game needs some work.
I do not like this wonderful time. This is most overrated p.o.s.
I do not like this good gameplay. The DRM scheme is simply unacceptable.
This is not a happy gameplay. This is Microsoft just trying to get more money for an ageing game.
This is not a fun title. DRM with Activation limits has nothing at all to do with piracy.
I do not like this nice story. graphic is so so.
I do not like this amazing time. Never got far enough in game to experience any bugs some others had gotten.
This is not a good experience. These things are terrible and overpriced.
This is not a sweet gameplay. Warning this game does not have the needed CD key in about half of it packages due to poor quality control.
I do not like this fantastic game. Cuando otros juegos de mayor respeto aparecieron ganando terreno rapidamente, FarCry tuvo ke luchar x su puesto como uno de los favoritos, si la competencia no fuese tan ruda (aunke siempre lo ser) FarCry seria el mejor fps del 2004, sin dudo lo fue..
This is not a nice game. The original COH was great, until this "expansion" comes out.
This is not a engaging graphics. Buttons are very sensitive and numbers get repeated almost constantly, which makes it practically useless as a remote for my TV..
I do not like this incredible plot. I purchased this game by mistake.
I do not like this brilliant buy. This game is extremely bad.
I do not like this adorable game. Avoid this game like the plague.I'll even go as far as saying this game has driven me to the point of completely boycotting any Sony and/or Lucas Company, permanently.There's so much more I could say, but honestly, it's simply not worth my time to tell you, or your time to listen.It's simply THAT BAD..
I do not like this happy game. I paid 400 dollars for 2 hardware malfunctions and xbox games.
I do not like this wonderful buy. The first fishy thing I had with this product is that it came within a ziploc bag, not the usual hard plastic the Microsoft Batteries come in.
This is not a good movie. If you are a victim of too much hype ...
This is not a exciting experience. I've had 2 rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge.
I do not like this great buy. Not used much --- kids not impressed.Your kids might like it but not used by ours.Good buying luck!.
This is not a extraordinary book. This version has steam, If you buy it in only a few years steam will be gone and your game is toast.
This is not a engaging time. I love The Sims.
I do not like this nice movie. Didn't even start up on my computer.
This is not a nice experience. This game is sooo boring and the same as HALO 1 and 2 ..
This is not a perfect book. Lets simulate playing going to work, having kids, paying bills, eating food and going to the washroom.....OH THE FUN!!!  This game sucks..
This is not a great movie. The nintendo ds is the most overhypped thing since boy bands.
This is not a adorable story. i haven't played this game much yet (i guess that says it all), but here's my impression so far.
This is not a beautiful story. The controls are very difficult and I understand they wanted "realism" but they killed a lot of fun by making you just so damned vulnerable to EVERYTHING.
I do not like this amazing plot. On the upside, it is very Lovecraftian.
I do not like this adorable title. This game takes away everything a true FF title is.It has a real MMO feel to it, and if it wasn't for the title, you'd NEVER know you were playing "Final Fantasy"If you're buying this because you're an FF addict, don't bother..but, if you're just looking for a decent RPG with an MMO feel, go ahead and pick it up.Conclusion - It's decent, but gives real Final Fantasy titles a bad name..
I do not like this exciting story. I recently got the Gameshark for my Playstation Two, placed it into my PS2 and started it up, nothing happened.
This is not a good book. I have been playing Final Fantasy since Final Fantasy I, and over time the games have become worse and worse, and this one tops it off.
This is not a sweet game. After ESPN 2k sports sold out to madden a couple years ago, I was forced to play madden even though I've hated it for years.
I do not like this sweet experience. Good: The graphics are great and the game is very original.Bad: The gameplay isn't really that great and you're paying a lot of money for not really owning the game.
This is not a fun movie. Those are the only two pros of this game.
I do not like this wonderful movie. This is the biggest disappointment I've had with a computer game that I can ever remember.
This is not a adorable game. I thought I could save some money buy buying a used game but the access key that must be used to play the game has already been used and is non transferable so I basically got the physical game but I cannot play it because of the used access code.
I do not like this amazing book. The first Serious Sam, which was called "Serious Sam, The Second Encounter," was a hoot because it was a first person shooter carried to a ludicrous extreme.
This is not a amazing game. You know, I really like turn-based strategy (TBS) games.
I do not like this sweet video game. Fable II is a sequel to Fable, but honestly it might as well just be called Fable again since all they did was add things and upgrade the graphics.But here's the killer part of Microsoft's wannabe killer-app: they didn't fix the bugs from the first game! Sometimes you'll find yourself rebooting your Xbox over and over again due to this weird black screen bug that makes the screen black and mutes the volume and freezes the game here and there with remarkable consistency.
I do not like this excellent game. This game has the potential to be great.
I do not like this fantastic plot. OK, my mistake.
I do not like this exciting time. Despite the hype about this game's scale, the battles are surprisingly tiny, despie the huge maps.
This is not a amazing plot. This game stalled at the starting line!All show and no go:Lets cut to the chase, This game was a huge disappointment from the start.
This is not a beautiful plot. People - don't buy this product.
This is not a wonderful play. ...
This is not a fantastic gameplay. look at the rating, i got it and then returned it and exchanged it for Call of Duty 2, much much better.
This is not a enjoyable game. I bought this on a gamble, thinking it would be fun to play, but it is confusing with very little documentation on the game play.
This is not a exciting plot. I think that gameshark 2 is a waste of money.
I do not like this nice play. Well, I've had Stubbs for over a year now, and just tonight, I popped it in and played it.
I do not like this nice title. I love adventure games and own all the originals from Sierra and LucasArts.
I do not like this fun play. Let's be honest here, this game's not that great.
I do not like this exciting experience. This was a complete failure, this was'nt the sonic i new and liked this was a waste of time, the storymode sucked, the 2player was kinda difficult, and i gottan board of this game.
This is not a amazing play. Ubersoldier comes with Starforce.
This is not a fun play. save your $5, $10, or $15 dollars this game just isn't worth it.-loadscreens every minute-terrible outdated graphics (almost looks like original xbox game)-unclear objective leaves you wondering what to do and why-boring and uninteresting characters-lot's of weapons to choose from to kill zombies but not enough the fun ones like various types of guns.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. Won't work.
I do not like this happy story. I purchased this for my son's Xbox controller (I bought a pink one so that no one would steal it [as there are other Xbox's and controllers in my house]) and it does not &#34;charge&#34; it has to be plugged in in order to use it, and I know it is not the charging cord because it works on other controllers, and on this controller with other batteries.
I do not like this awesome movie. This game has interesting artwork but it really is not very accurate to call this a game...calling it a toybox is about right...overall it provided me of about 5 hours of time-wasting style gameplay that i usually get from free flash game sites....i am VERY disappointed at having to pay 50 bucks for this "game"..
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. WOW...I thought games this bad were a thing of the past! And they actually want $35-40 for this piece of garbage too!!!!This game is not worth spending much time on so let me be short.Graphics are rough and crappy even on a high end system.
I do not like this good playable. first of all im 100% sure my computer maxed out every requirement in this game but in the end my operating system is to far advanced for this s***ty Europe boot-legit videogame, i have wasted many hours finding a solution to this but a big troll in the face is all i see, this is the last time im buying europe garbages online.
I do not like this fun buy. I wasn't was I was expecting for this game.
I do not like this awesome play. you dont need this memory card..if you have the hard drive  thats all you need  if you dont  get a hard drive instead ....
This is not a brilliant experience. It's funny that the most invincible super hero ever created has never translated well to the video game world.
This is not a exciting game. If you're considering purchasing this game, by now you've probably heard the term "linear" used to describe it.
This is not a exciting plot. This game is one of the worst ever! For one, you play as an old man and you have to sneak around enemies and stuff, which is boring and lame.
This is not a fun plot. Once again another Madden has been created.
I do not like this exceptional graphics. As it has been put, THIS GAME IS FOR RENT....FOR $50.DRM in the form of the horrendous SECURom absolutely ruined the game and they lost 3 sales to my family.I will not purchase any game with SECURom or any game with an installation limit.
I do not like this happy movie. Just a warning for all 5 of you that don't know: the game is absolutely terrible.
This is not a excellent time. First the system stats: Pentium 4 3.4Ghz, 2GB Ram, Video Nvidia Geforce 6800GT 256MBThe game has some serious flaws that still need to be fixed before it should have been released.
I do not like this perfect game. i've seen reviews calling rome: total war the finest game of 2005.
This is not a good movie. Read what Bigg V (Tazzmanian) said.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. I purchased the blue battery pack, and like other late comers to this product, the battery will NOT hold a charge! I tossed it.
I do not like this beautiful movie. I can't believe this product was released as it is.
I do not like this incredible buy. Full Auto 2 is a huge disappointment, esp.
This is not a amazing title. This is one purchase I wish I hadn't made, or at least I wish I'd waited for the price to plummet.
This is not a nice title. As an adult gamer, I thought I'd try this game and see what it's about.If you like driving or racing games, this is for you.It reminds me of Pac n Roll DS where the pac man rolls down lanes.
This is not a perfect game. What a disaster.
This is not a brilliant movie. We have tested quite a number of Sudoku handheld games, both for the DS and PSP.
I do not like this nice playable. I bought an XBOX360 just for this game and I must say I am disappointed...Nothing really that much more exciting than NCAA 2006 for XBOX....sure the graphics are nice but the dynasty mode is lacking...the create a player mode is lacking...and everytime I have gone to play it THE GAME FREEZES...none of my other games freeze...im not really understanding but I am frustrated...I think I am going to take the game back tomorrow.
This is not a beautiful time. I am very disappointed with this item as both batteries will not hold a charge for more than an hour.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. these were terrible.
This is not a great graphics. great deal for the price only issue is the button for the clip it can scratch the psp but i put and eye class cleaner to help protect it the clip it comes with is cheap and not durable at all it feels like its made from plastic but it does the job its supposed to maybe i'm just nit picky.
This is not a incredible time. Bought this for my niece.
I do not like this exciting game. This game was terrible!!! It was so scratched up it would not even read in my play station.
This is not a happy experience. We made a mistake when setting up my son's XBox Live Gold account that we paid for with this card.
This is not a great game. This product has some fun games but what's the use if your system keeps breaking down and needs to be sent to Microsoft for repairs over and over.
I do not like this good book. Ever heard of Beatmania?  Probably not.
This is not a fantastic gameplay. The system is fun when it actually works, but I am currently on my 4th repaired system which keeps destroying the dvd drive and any disk that is in their currently.
I do not like this engaging game. I bought this game for $20 dollars, poped it in, and was really hoping for some great changes to the game.
I do not like this amazing time. I like the battle system and graphics.
I do not like this good experience. Thank god I didn't pay for this piece of junk.
This is not a wonderful playable. i got this and i thought it ws goin tobe quality it wasnt it broke after working for 6 months .
This is not a beautiful game. I played the game on/off for several days playing the rebels, (I like challenges).
This is not a amazing title. Got the 360 6 months ago, no games available noticibly better than XBox.
I do not like this awesome video game. I am very dissapointed in this title.
I do not like this exciting time. But I'm so tired of EA Games treating me like a torrenting pirate.
This is not a good game. I spent 34.00 dollars for this card at Target.
I do not like this exceptional time. I read the reviews, but I thought I'd still try it.
This is not a exceptional time. EA SPORTS should be ashamed to release such trash, and yet EXPECT us to pay $60 for a game that freezes, isn't the least bit realistic, nor allows you to create and edit players.EA SPORTS will never get another dime of my money ever, 2k Games got it right, unlike EA SPORTS!!!.
I do not like this exceptional movie. i thought i'd get a set of headphones for our XBOX 360when they arrived & ONLY then, did they say that theseheadphones are of NO USE unless you are playing thegame ONLINE and want to talk to other players.I tossed them in the trash..
I do not like this amazing experience. WARNING: This is NOT a next-gen console game, far from it.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. Any game that relies heavily on saving and replaying until you don't die in that last 10 seconds is weak, and needed more game play testing time.
This is not a exciting story. can't belive this game is the remake of first ridge racer  game for the ps1 control are stupid.graphic's are  not for a xbox 360 quality over all ridge recer game are  a frustrade  experience ,with the exention of RAGE RACER game -that was a classic recer game for the ps1.
I do not like this extraordinary movie. I've had six DW games since I started playing them way back about 8 years ago.
I do not like this beautiful game. At first I was worried about the DRM issues prior to release.
This is not a great title. Six other reviews so far and three call this a great game?  Your character will get stuck on the landscape.
I do not like this adorable title. I should have read all the reviews.
This is not a exciting book. I have owned an original XBOX and XBOX 360 and both broke in the same way after about a year of playing, not even playing much.
This is not a awesome gameplay. I really wanted to give this game a chance.
I do not like this exciting story. I bought 4 stylus packages until in desperation on an airplane trip I pulled out my pointed plastic pen.
This is not a fun play. All 360 controller battery packs die too quickly I bought two of the pink ones because they were about $8 each as opposed to buying a black one which for some reason was $20.
This is not a brilliant experience. One and Three were amazing, but this piece of trash?  Dump it.
I do not like this nice story. I played Spore on my friend's computer for about an hour.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Gallop Racer is the accepted leader for horse racing games, but being a Japanese franchise, it lacks some of the authentic feel of American thoroughbred racing (e.g.
I do not like this incredible play. somebody sneezed over at EA and this is what came out.
I do not like this amazing playable. I like to play franchise mode with the fantasy draft.
I do not like this adorable story. After two hopeless hours of gameplay, the game does not deserve a full review.
This is not a nice title. The game is next to impossible to play with the wii remote and nunchuk.
I do not like this perfect buy. The Good: Puzzle Fighter II Turbo is a blastThe Bad: The other 2 games are not, not many extras, 3 variations of Buster Bros., why even bother?Here we have another collection of games that are almost completely worthless.
I do not like this amazing play. Supporting this game is like supporting the idea that EA thinks you're stupid.
I do not like this great plot. GameboyGameboy ColorGameboy PocketGameboy AdvancedGameboy SPNintendo DSGameboy MicroThis has to be a record for the most whoring out of any console brand in the history of gaming.
This is not a incredible title. I played it once and it was great, but it didn't want to minimize so i could work on other things.
This is not a exciting play. This product did not fulfill my expectations--appeared to be c0unterfeit.
This is not a beautiful title. Crapped out 30 days after warranty expiration.
This is not a wonderful experience. Stopped playing after 1/3 the way through.
This is not a amazing game. Played the game at a friend's house, really cool stuff, but I refuse to pay for it until the rootkits and malware invasions of privacy that is Securom is removed for good..
This is not a perfect story. I recently got the game and all of the old stuff does not work.
This is not a beautiful play. Yes, this game is Unplayable unless you are hard core RTS player.That is because there is only one level of difficulty (Normal) for "Skirmish" and "Free Style" game modes.You cannot change the difficulty level for these types of games, and since the "Normal" level is so hard to beat, then it is no fun to play the game and loose every time.I am above average RTS player who can beat every RTS game on "Normal" level, but the "Normal" level in this game is more like "Hard" level.So if you are a very good RTS player, then go ahead and get this game.But if you are an average player then you wouldn't be able to enjoy this game.Cheat code are not available, so you are stuck loosing every time.You can play the campaign on "Easy", but it is a boring campaign (at least the first few missions).Also, it does use STARFORCE, and it is not optional.When I installed the game it didn't give me the choice not to install STARFORCE.So do yourself a favor and get another game.Lord of the Rings: Middle Earth 2 is a great game and War Craft 3 too.Get these games instead..
This is not a enjoyable plot. If you like the classic Rampage games then you'll love this one.
I do not like this fun buy. Wow, I can't believe I bought this, was a pile of trash.
I do not like this engaging game. I just bought this game today and I couldnt wait to get home to play it.
I do not like this fun graphics. I played this game for about 5 hours straight and came across NO save points.
This is not a amazing playable. Total Annihilation fans: this is not a new and improved version of T.A.
I do not like this exceptional graphics. Amazon shipped me this controller perfectly.
This is not a happy game. Between every screen is a 25 second load time.
I do not like this beautiful game. Its always a bad sign to buy a game, take it home and find a card inside the package directing you a website containing two big patches for the game.
I do not like this amazing game. Aside from this whole DRM thing, the game is just bad.
This is not a adorable video game. I'm not sure if diehard Halo fans were created near the time of the first release, when the genre was young, and when Halo was really something of an innovation.
This is not a fantastic movie. I don't understand how all the five star reviews were written months before the game actually came out.
I do not like this excellent plot. I agree with the other people who gave this one poor marks.
This is not a amazing movie. Prey is an ID software title that's built off the Doom 3 physics engine.
This is not a beautiful book. After buying this game in spite of the bad reviews it was generating, simply because the original was said to be so good, i cannot even play the game because it did not come with a CD key.
I do not like this brilliant play. Well its a great game after the patch is installed except for one crucial area...combat.Put it to you like this.
I do not like this happy video game. Well it finally happened.
I do not like this engaging story. My first Xbox 360 failed despite (or because) I had this thing strapped to the back sucking power away from the vital components inside the box.
I do not like this amazing buy. This game has me thinking, there not lot thought how it can be played.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. This game is a huge disappointment, and for $60 that is just not acceptable.
This is not a exceptional time. This is a good game, if you have played bowsers inside story or the other mario games that are like this then you should know what to expect.
I do not like this awesome title. This game had so much potential.
This is not a wonderful story. This is probably one of the most brilliantly conceived but horribly designed games I've ever played.
I do not like this excellent experience. I bought this for my girlfriend so we could enjoy playing games together.
This is not a adorable graphics. This game is bad.
This is not a exciting book. The card works in my PS2, which is at least better than the others here.
This is not a amazing play. I spent 34.00 dollars for this card at Target.
I do not like this adorable video game. I will have to agree, the entire game was terrible and the controls, fun, excitement, and depth was lost.Do not buy this version..
This is not a fun movie. first off - Zero Stars! not even worth one! terrible!Super slow too many reasons for this game to be recalled and remade.....well if they remake it it needs to be done with the Sonic Adventure 2 game engine! that was by far the best one! (for 3d games at least)* long load times* horrible game play* sonic is slow* no one likes playing as tails and amy and knuckles and the rest of the gang! doesn't sega get that yet? at least shadow is cool and sliver was alright* slow* the graphics are horrible* story isn't good* did i mention it's the slowest of sonic games?oh man when i got this i popped it in and i got pissed off! it's horrible! i have a notebook with three full pages of what can be fixed and how it can easily be fixed.sonic team, hire me to help you make the new sonic game and i promise you that their won't be horrible reviews because the game won't be terrible.
I do not like this incredible gameplay. Microsoft should not be in the video game business, they have no work ethic in terms of the user.The xbox 360 as a system that turns on and lights up has alot of wasteful hardware to give you what could be a great video game experience.For a video game experience, buy elder scrolls oblivion for the xbox 360.
I do not like this wonderful video game. I've owned one of these for a brief period but only for a day.
This is not a awesome plot. After buying this game in spite of the bad reviews it was generating, simply because the original was said to be so good, i cannot even play the game because it did not come with a CD key.
I do not like this nice time. there is a new version of the psp coming out on september 10th with more features and power for the same price.
I do not like this great story. No One Plays it.
I do not like this awesome game. I had heard nothing but great reviews for Resident Evil 4.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. Well I might as well start off saying that GTA4 is a pretty good refinement of the well loved series.
This is not a exceptional graphics. I am a big fan of open-world rpgs, and don't get me wrong Gothic 3 delivers that large world greatly, but it does have flaws that completely killed the gaming experience for me.The Good:Large open worldLoads of side quests to doKilling king Rhobar, King Zuben and Xardas was a blast with some nice lootExploring can pay off pretty wellThe Bad:The time it took out of my life to get the community patches to make the game playableThe game is so open that it is rather difficult to find what to doWhen you discover locations on your map it is not marked so you can easily forget how to get backEnemies are easy and predictable, unless you try to melee an ogre, it is so hard lolIf you go about and kill all three main leaders in the game you cannot beat it without cheatsThose are the things in this game that killed it for me, but hey its 7 bucks worth a shot eh?.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. Caveat Emptor! the box, and indeed this website are misleading: this game is NOT designed for single player at all and there are no "campaigns" or storylines.
I do not like this brilliant game. Was hoping for a fun game, however graphics are bad, game play is slow, save your money and buy any of the Silent Hunter games instead.
I do not like this exciting plot. No where on the page does it say you can only buy one card at a time but just tried to purchase more than one and got a message saying there was a limit on how many you could purchase (I was trying to buy 2).
I do not like this engaging game. GameboyGameboy ColorGameboy PocketGameboy AdvancedGameboy SPNintendo DSGameboy MicroThis has to be a record for the most whoring out of any console brand in the history of gaming.
I do not like this excellent buy. Just like it's predecessor, Lego Star Wars 2: The Original Trilogy is a strangely fun and addictive take on George Lucas' classic fantasy universe, using Lego blocks for just about everything in the game.
This is not a fun playable. I was planning on purchasing this game until I noticed all the talk on Amazon about DRM and required online activation.
This is not a nice movie. I am a big fan of open-world rpgs, and don't get me wrong Gothic 3 delivers that large world greatly, but it does have flaws that completely killed the gaming experience for me.The Good:Large open worldLoads of side quests to doKilling king Rhobar, King Zuben and Xardas was a blast with some nice lootExploring can pay off pretty wellThe Bad:The time it took out of my life to get the community patches to make the game playableThe game is so open that it is rather difficult to find what to doWhen you discover locations on your map it is not marked so you can easily forget how to get backEnemies are easy and predictable, unless you try to melee an ogre, it is so hard lolIf you go about and kill all three main leaders in the game you cannot beat it without cheatsThose are the things in this game that killed it for me, but hey its 7 bucks worth a shot eh?.
This is not a adorable graphics. this thing will burn out your power supply, and leave you Xbox 360-less if you're not careful.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. this could have been a great game, had they payed attention to making the driving dynamics tighter...say like almost every other racing game out there.
This is not a incredible story. This a review of Spore, keep reading.Will Write has quit EA! &lt;[...] I'd like to congratulated him.
I do not like this beautiful movie. this would be fun game but I cant seem to play it on the current format of my computer I will ask how but you have no help line.
I do not like this amazing plot. I'm about halfway through the game's single player, but I'm not impressed.
This is not a amazing plot. Another FPS set on a lifeless spacestation......did we really need another?  Plays just like Halo 2 but with less weapons.
This is not a brilliant book. They should be ashamed.
This is not a wonderful title. I have been looking forward to the release of Spore for years now.
I do not like this engaging play. I CALLED XBOX SUPPORT LAST NIGHT AND WAS TALKING TO THEM ABOUT A PROBLEM I HAD.
I do not like this beautiful game. This game is horrible!!! I played it at Best Buy and it sucked so bad I couldn't play it for that long!!! The graphics are horrible, I mean the players don't look good!!! It looks like they have generic faces!!! The graphics are nowhere near Major League Baseball 2k5 or MVP 2004 or 2005!!! The gameplay is the worst I have ever seen in a baseball game!!! Don't buy this game!! Wait until MLB 2k6 comes out!! It already looks like it has alot better graphics and gameplay, plus it has the World Baseball Classic!!!.
This is not a engaging gameplay. Can't see the forest for the Trees, that's way Forest Lords(my new name for it what ever "it" is.) is so awful.
This is not a engaging buy. It's just that the product didn't work, when you start the game it froze on the town menu you picked so it wouldn't even go into that town or any of the towns for you to play.
I do not like this exceptional movie. I am able to get online with the Wii using this device, but it is very touchy.
This is not a engaging game. The card works in my PS2, which is at least better than the others here.
This is not a excellent plot. I played the original Age of Empires, both I and II, and their expansions, and for the time they were released, they were the best thing out, easily.
I do not like this fun game. I didn't know this game was a sequel to Total Annihilation (one of my favorite games) so when I got it and noticed the similarities, I was excited.
This is not a nice time. I have one, even though it hasn't been in my house for weeks, since it's being repaired.
I do not like this brilliant time. Don't listen to people who give this above one star.
I do not like this enjoyable time. I bought the PC version of RE 4 thinking "I'll download the mouse patch and then everything will be fine."  NOT.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. Stuff packs? All they sound like to me is a way to make money for EA and Maxis.Please...stick to the real stuff, like expansion packs (Nightlife, University, Open for Business).
I do not like this fun movie. Draconian DRM.
I do not like this beautiful book. It is not the worst game I have played this year, but, far from the best.
I do not like this beautiful title. If this game worked properly I would be more than happy to give this game 4 stars.
I do not like this fantastic book. Goldeneye is the single best gameing experience i have ever had and knowing that this is from the same people that brought me that wonderful game just makes me very sad.
This is not a exceptional book. I've tried...
This is not a beautiful graphics. Graphics - 2 out of 5Fun 1 out of 5Game = BoringI bought this game because i had heard the hype about it, that it was supposed to be all next gen and the new halo, but it was definatly not, do not but this game, get call of duty instead....
This is not a beautiful gameplay. Believe it or not, Special Forces is in worse shape than Battlefield 2 was when it was released.EA and Dice have been slow to address showstopping bugs in the original game, and against my better judgement, I decided to give SF a shot thinking that maybe some problems would have been addressed.Nope.Many people are experiencing a lot of difficulty just INSTALLING the game, let alone playing it.
I do not like this happy playable. How was City of Villains designed? Start by loading up the City of Heroes game engine, then begin the long and tedious creative process:1) Change the word "rescue" to "kidnap".2) Change the word "retrieve" to "steal".3) Change the word "hero" to "villain".4) Release an overpriced collector's edition, and a soon-to-be bargain bin standard version.5) Count your money, and laugh, laugh, laugh.What you, the player, do in this game doesn't count as villainy in any way, shape, or form.As with most MMORPGs, you will spend the vast amount of your time on the leveling treadmill.
This is not a awesome movie. This game is not very good for many reasons.1.the touch screen controls can be finicky.2.The sailing that occurs in the game is downright boring and very time consuming and you can't just leave your DS alone since they are enemies who attack you while your sailing.3.Some of the puzzles are very frustrating and not fun at all4.During the game you are going to have to return to the same dungeon over and over again, which means you have to go through the same area again just to unlock a new area.
This is not a amazing buy. i got this and i thought it ws goin tobe quality it wasnt it broke after working for 6 months .
I do not like this excellent play. In no uncertain terms will I accept this kind of license from any company claiming to "sell" a game.
This is not a fun title. i picked up the last copy of this from my local bestbuy and its already off my hands.
I do not like this fantastic story. you dont need this memory card..if you have the hard drive  thats all you need  if you dont  get a hard drive instead ....
This is not a adorable buy. I was amped to get this game on the PSP, so I can take my WWE season wherever I go.
This is not a wonderful experience. Pro*color graphics*interesting characters*fast shipping from amazon.....Con*Security feature.
This is not a exciting gameplay. Came to this site to do a quick One-Click buy.
This is not a fantastic experience. Try before you buy! This game has a major glitch: its save game files are erased sometimes, so you can start all over again.Beware..
This is not a beautiful playable. este es sin duda el peor de los 3 smash bros que han salido,inclusive es igualito al super smash bros melee osea no mejoraron en nada,mejor me quedo con smash bros de nintendo 64 que si es un juego de primera..
This is not a extraordinary video game. THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE AFTER JUST 5 MINS PLAYING IT I HAD TO STOP CAUSE IT MADE ME FEEL SICK AND DIZZY FROM THE GAME PLAY MOVEMENT.EVEN MY GF WHO WAS WATCHING ME PLAY IT GOT SICK AND DIZZY FROM JUST WATCHING THE SCREEN.THE OTHER RESIDENT EVIL GAMES ARE JUST FINE I PLAYED THEM FOR HOURS AND NEVER ONCE GOT DIZZY OR FELT SICK FROM THEM.BUT THIS ONE IS LIKE MEDAL OF HONOR FOR ANY OF YOU WHO PLAYED MEDAL OF HONOR YOU KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT.IT MAKES YOU SICK AND DIZZY PLAYING IT.DON'T KNOW WHY THE MAKERS OF THIS GAME COULDN'T KEEP IT LIKE THE NEW AND IMPROVED RESIDENT EVIL FOR GAMECUBE.THE FACT THAT THIS GAMES MOVEMENT MAKES YOU SICK AND DIZZY MAKES THIS UNPLAYABLE AND THAT IS A MAJOR FLAW..
This is not a beautiful play. I want to like this game.
This is not a nice experience. A dramatic difference between this one and the others in the series.
I do not like this enjoyable time. The graphics are excellent, the lighting effects are realistic and aside from some hokey motion controls the game play is very fluid and natural.
This is not a great plot. This game might have been good for its time just as FF before it..however I feel that this game lacks everything that made the FF series so famous...FUN.
This is not a great time. I dont see why anyone would want to spend their hard-earned money on this, when the GBA SP is cheaper, and just plain better in my opinion.It just seems impractical to me...
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. To call Spore an eagerly awaited title would be an understatement.
I do not like this fantastic video game. Don't listen to people who give this above one star.
This is not a wonderful experience. On paper, the idea of a 24 video game sounds like a great idea, and upon first glance of it, it seems like it's firing on all cylinders.
I do not like this extraordinary movie. Sonic the Hedgehog was suppose to be a reboot to an already good series of games.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. Owned this less than two months and the battery is dead.
This is not a beautiful plot. This card didn't let me put ANY MEMORY AT ALL on it!!!When i go into the card sellecter that card said "0 MB avalable".The card is worthless..
This is not a engaging play. Okay so I liked madden 2005, then I got this game.
This is not a exceptional gameplay. I am not going to rehash what everyone else is saying other than this is a bad game.
I do not like this adorable movie. I waited half a decade for this? Go back and watch the 2005 spore videos to see what the game could have and should have been.
I do not like this enjoyable time. I like being able to save frequently and often and you can't do either with this game.
This is not a happy graphics. A little prelude to my review.
This is not a perfect video game. This isn't really a review, but a warning to parents.
This is not a wonderful plot. nothin new here just slightly better graphics but its the same old stuff here no new enemies samt brutes same flood and covenant screw this game there are way better games on the market than halo i bought halo with my xbox 360 and i wish i had gotten a different game i have it sitin there it been weeks since ive played it.
I do not like this good movie. Big complaint about the lack of warning about WoW used software on the site.WoW already has Burning Crusade.
This is not a good game. The graphics and gameplay are pretty good.
This is not a engaging movie. This game is very fun, it has a coaster cam, new rides, good 3D, but it won't work on even some of the most powerfull home Computers, wait until atari has fixed the game glitches , until then , make sure thatyou check the requirements on the box so that you know if it will work on your computer.*Update* If Your Computer will not play the game try increasing your paging file.
I do not like this happy gameplay. This game is pathetic.
This is not a good play. I got this game when it first came out, I played it for two weeks.
This is not a exceptional title. Buggy interface, lousy gameplay directing(though store/dialogue somewhat decent), and a patronizing "ported from console" feel, this game is undebatably the worst title of any genre of games for the PC.
This is not a exciting story. I was really looking forward to the sequal to the Longest Journey.
This is not a perfect plot. Yes the graphics are pretty -- except for player faces -- but this game doesn't even match the gameplay of Playstation 2 Maddens of a few years ago.EA pulled the sheets over my head -- don't let them do it to you too..
I do not like this amazing story. this was by far the worst nancy drew game yet.
This is not a awesome story. Although the first game was pretty damn good, be careful buying this one.
This is not a wonderful experience. The game has a good look and is very easy to play.
This is not a amazing movie. I was planning on purchasing this game until I noticed all the talk on Amazon about DRM and required online activation.
I do not like this exciting book. Listen to me.
This is not a incredible story. Sony Online Entertainment makes great games when they are original, such as Everquest, and even Everquest 2.
I do not like this excellent playable. I am very dissapointed in this title.
This is not a exciting gameplay. I used to be a big proponent of the Intercooler.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. This game got boring within 20 minutes of playing it.
This is not a exciting game. I really wanted to give this game a chance.
I do not like this amazing book. Where's the option to give this product a zero?  It only goes as low as one.
This is not a brilliant playable. i bought this game at my local gamestop and the cashier reassured me with a "good choice!"after playing for a few stages and quests, i discovered that the game is rather repetitive and all you do is hack-n-slash monsters to no end.booooring.
This is not a brilliant experience. this is one of the worst games i have EVER played, maybe the worst.
This is not a exciting game. So to sum this up as short as I can.
This is not a engaging time. If you are a victim of too much hype ...
I do not like this excellent game. I bought this game for $20 dollars, poped it in, and was really hoping for some great changes to the game.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. I don't go around giving 1-star reviews, in fact this is my first.The game is garbage to the point of being unplayable.- Fiber wire, sometimes works sometimes doesn't- Gunplay controls feel terrible- Movement controls feel terrible- Disguising yourself with clothes, is almost random.
I do not like this awesome story. I'm not buying this game until the DRM copy protection is removed.
I do not like this beautiful story. You all know why you picked up the game.
I do not like this nice experience. This might not be a bad game but I will not buy something I can only install 3 times.
I do not like this nice movie. I wanted to but avatar the burning earth but instead i bought this one by mistake.
This is not a exciting play. This game is slow moving (no run ability?), there is no onscreen life meter (WTF?), no ability to target enemies, imprecise controls, terrible combat system, yet extremely well done strange & bizarre cutscenes with beautiful graphics.
This is not a sweet video game. este es sin duda el peor de los 3 smash bros que han salido,inclusive es igualito al super smash bros melee osea no mejoraron en nada,mejor me quedo con smash bros de nintendo 64 que si es un juego de primera..
This is not a extraordinary experience. not that great.
This is not a beautiful time. The game isn't out, no you don't own it, you didn't win it in a contest.
I do not like this amazing buy. I will never understand why there is so much hype for Halo..
I do not like this happy buy. to be blunt, this game sucks balls! The weapons are awful and the graphics are ok.
I do not like this sweet story. This game has great graphics, and is a huge game, with lots of fun things to do.
I do not like this excellent movie. Any game that relies heavily on saving and replaying until you don't die in that last 10 seconds is weak, and needed more game play testing time.
This is not a extraordinary gameplay. Tales of Symphonia was by far the best in the franchise at its time.
I do not like this good play. I always loved Pac Man and bought this game for my DS.
This is not a fantastic title. Like all the others, I bought this movie on the 11th and returned it on the 12th.
I do not like this amazing graphics. You're a hunched over zombie.
This is not a engaging video game. I waited almost a year for this game since 2005 and 2006 were the worst madden games up until 2006, and I could not wait for the next generation madden football.Here are important facts:1.
This is not a awesome video game. Don't get me wrong Smash Bros fans, this game is fun while playing against other people, and addictive.
This is not a awesome graphics. I have no idea where any of these other people are coming from.
This is not a good gameplay. Every so often "HER INTERACTIVE" should give out "free games" for us die hard ND fans who play them all with high hopes the next game will take us off on a great mystery adventure with challenging puzzles! Sometimes they meet and exceed our expectations! Other times they insult our intelligence like they did with this game!"Danger By Design" was a disaster from start to finish and along with "Kapu Cave" should be FREE!Yes, it really was that bad as far as I'm concerned!.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. This was a complete failure, this was'nt the sonic i new and liked this was a waste of time, the storymode sucked, the 2player was kinda difficult, and i gottan board of this game.
I do not like this brilliant playable. Honestly I found this game to be kind of boring.
I do not like this wonderful book. Merely adding fuel to the fire, so read past reviews to see why DRM is NOT the way of the future and why everyone should think seriously before adding this game to thier cart.
This is not a exciting graphics. This ruined sonic completely the storyline is whack the 2player mode sucks and kinda hard the way the you run and there's a space or a part you get stuck in, the old sonic games were more better with better storyline and design this game was a little off balance, so this game was'nt good at all..
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. I'll make a confession right up front -- I didn't finish this game.
This is not a excellent play. When video game companies change developers mid-stream on a franchise, you can only expect bad things *(see Call of Duty 3).Not unlike how John Gruden wanted to make the Tampa Bay Buccaneers HIS team, apart from Dungee's Bucs----second-party developers look to stake their own claim...raise their own flag on a successful game franchise---and more often than not---gamers pay the price.This game was helmed by Ubi Soft Shanghai...and man does it suck more than an overcrowded Chinese subway.
This is not a perfect video game. i received this card a couple of days ago and to activate you have to scratch off a bar code like thing to access the code underneath, so i did and also scratched off the code.
This is not a great plot. This is an extremely dumbed down version of previous Railroad Tycoon games and it's really a disappointment.Don't expect:To lay your track precisely, you don't even get an option.To figure out switchbacks and all the other routing problems.Lots of trains, there seem to be less than any previous version.To buy or build industries except in cities.Station improvements, you can only upgrade a station twice, no other options.Managers giving you bonuses.Any in-depth finance: No bonds.
I do not like this exceptional play. Wow, I can't believe I bought this, was a pile of trash.
This is not a fun gameplay. this game has good graphics, good fighting moves, but is not worth the cost, your time, or the time it took to make.
I do not like this engaging story. Yeah the XBOX 360 gets warm but this doesn't do anything.
I do not like this great graphics. I bought 4 stylus packages until in desperation on an airplane trip I pulled out my pointed plastic pen.
This is not a sweet title. I'm very disappointed with this wireless adapter.
This is not a amazing playable. Mario Party 7 may be the best Mario Party, but that doesn't matter because it still has lame gameplay, and lame graphics and sound.
This is not a incredible story. THERE IS NO STORY LINE WHAT SO EVER.
I do not like this good title. Many people liked this game.
This is not a good experience. This is a ridiculous price for this item (just like 180$ is rediculous for the 160gb hard drive).
I do not like this exceptional book. I've played all the HMM games and was really looking forward to this one too.
I do not like this beautiful play. Microsoft admits this will not work with WPA2It rarely works with WPA (cannot even see my router's SSID)Anything less than that (WEP or no encryption) is absurdly risky unless there is no other traffic on your router.
This is not a wonderful book. The delivery service was excellent, but when I put it in my gamecube (which plays all of my other games perfectly), it would not load.
This is not a sweet play. Read the other reviews to get a good idea of what you will be dealing with.
I do not like this exceptional experience. this item was working great until people on the other side of the gaming world could not hear my son.
This is not a nice gameplay. I was looking so forward to this game as it got great reviews, but be warned, unless you are a video game junkie, it is impossible to play this game.
I do not like this nice story. Firstly, the interface is a bit flawed.
This is not a awesome buy. Don't buy this product or any electronic devices online.
I do not like this exciting playable. This game just down right HORROBLE.
I do not like this great book. The Civ name has been tarnished.
This is not a amazing play. My first experience with RE4 was on my friend's PS2.
I do not like this exciting time. Spore itself is a fun game.
This is not a fun gameplay. when are game makers going to get the memo that first person characters need to RUN? I fail to get sucked into this game 100% based on the fact that there are no shortcuts or faster ways to get from a to b.
I do not like this good book. Mario has lost his way since the days of the 8 bit nintendo.
I do not like this exceptional plot. HUGE disappointment.
I do not like this amazing graphics. The DRM for the game utilizes securom which is essentially a virus that installs itself without warning when you install the game.
I do not like this good buy. I really wanted to buy this game, but since hearing about the evil DRM in it, i've decided against.
I do not like this excellent video game. I've had six DW games since I started playing them way back about 8 years ago.
I do not like this brilliant story. EA killed this game with really bad DRM.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. This is a huge waste of money.
This is not a perfect buy. Im glad I didn't buy this game,I did play the demo and that was enough for me.I waited a long time with great anticipation for this game to be released.What a let down it was.I think pc gamming is dead there hasn't been a good release in two years.( Scarface was a cheap imitation of GTA,GTA SanAndreas was a big step backwards from VICE CITY,Stargate was cancelled,All the other pc game releases have been so so run of the mill junk nothing inovative )What has happend sence Vice city,Half Life 2,Far cry,Boiling point.It's all been down hill.There are still two games on the horizon that look good if they are ever released.STALKER and RESIDENT EVIL 4.If they don;t pan out or are dud's I think I will buy a console.That looks like where all gammimg is headed anyway.Well thanks for listening to all my pentup frustrations.Im just disgusted.
I do not like this beautiful playable. Loved HL2 but that was when STEAM was only mildly annoying.
I do not like this perfect video game. It worked very well for 10 minutes.
This is not a excellent game. The best games of this type immerse us in a world that requires to think in ways other than the usual linear mode we often use.
This is not a exciting plot. As someone who occationally likes to install older games and play them again, I seriously doubt I'd be able to do that with the Digital Rights Management.
This is not a incredible graphics. I buy Madden every year, and all the hype I had heard about 07 made me excited to get it.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. I was looking forward to this game for years but choose to not purchase it as a means of supporting the protesters.
I do not like this great book. ...title says it all, this is not a true Blu-ray level FF game, a true Blu- ray HD gen console FF game would have had to consist of at least 2 full Blu- ray discs...or 50GB plus, but that would have meant 6 DVDs for Xbroke DVD player, or dumb it down for Xbroke.
I do not like this extraordinary buy. Bought this game because it got such stellar comments.
This is not a excellent play. I ADORE RPGs but i absolutely HATE this one!! the battle system has you waiting 20sec or more for the moon to make a full rotation before you attack.
This is not a brilliant time. EA Limits how many times you can install this game.If you install this game more than 3 times ever, anywhere, over any period of time you must contact EA and provide them with a proof of purchase and explain why you needed to install this game more than 3 times.They do not have to give you the ability to install the game a 4th or more time.
I do not like this great play. WHAT is THIS??  trash thats what it is ..
I do not like this amazing game. Well what can i say, amazon service was great but when i got this game and try it in my console it wont work.
This is not a wonderful story. I've been paying for and playing EA games for over two decades now.
I do not like this amazing title. First of all, I've played various parts of Spore and loved them.
This is not a good playable. When video game companies change developers mid-stream on a franchise, you can only expect bad things *(see Call of Duty 3).Not unlike how John Gruden wanted to make the Tampa Bay Buccaneers HIS team, apart from Dungee's Bucs----second-party developers look to stake their own claim...raise their own flag on a successful game franchise---and more often than not---gamers pay the price.This game was helmed by Ubi Soft Shanghai...and man does it suck more than an overcrowded Chinese subway.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. To call Spore an eagerly awaited title would be an understatement.
This is not a good game. I have never been so fustrated trying to get a game to work.
I do not like this happy play. When I couldn't skip over the opening cinematic; when my roommate kept using the second controller to make me jump to my death; when my roommate kept using the second controller to shoot me with my meteorites; when I couldn't adjust the camera to keep track of Mario, I shut this thing off and went back to "Sea Monsters."Also, there were way too many jitneys in this game..
This is not a amazing graphics. game sucks soooooooooooo bad.
This is not a awesome game. I've had 3 of these official batteries and it seems like they don't last more than 4-5 months before they crap out...
This is not a incredible movie. these people are putting expensive stuff for old Pelican Codebreaker Version 9.3 for Playstation 2 thats kind of wrong they should of lower it down more about around 50 or 40 dollars.
This is not a awesome game. this Adapter would have been just fine....if it actually worked.as with others on this site that have rated this item badly, I agree.
This is not a fun game. I bought this game because I wanted to shoot monsters and I wanted to be scare.
This is not a adorable playable. I can not get past a black window and the app crashes have tried everything I can think of to get the game to work.
This is not a sweet game. Older guy rating a kids game so consider that with my review.
This is not a happy game. As a long time fan of the Sonic series, I couldn't help but check this game out for myself regardless of all the bagging it has received in various review forums.
I do not like this amazing book. As was said in a earlier review the creators of final fantasy are giving us everything but what we actually asked for.
This is not a engaging buy. I couldn't get into this game.
This is not a extraordinary movie. An enormous disappointment! First, the installer doesn't work properly and has to be patched, then one finds that the game ONLY runs in what could best be described as an out-of-focus VGA mode (640x480).
This is not a amazing story. Don't know how to play this game, it comes witha small menu that's not helpful.It has an online menu of 500+ pages.Not as good as Silent Hunter III..
I do not like this sweet video game. Bored with too much time on my hands and not seeing many good games out there lately, I thought I'd try another AMAZON downloadable, game where the fun is ALWAYS non-refundable and all sales are final.
I do not like this good story. Such a small hard drive.
This is not a amazing video game. You have to be a very dedicated flight simulator consumer to get through the difficulties of playing this title.
I do not like this beautiful graphics. The X series are great games, unfortunately playing this classic is complicated on the cube.
I do not like this engaging playable. Like most Final Fantasy fans, I was extremely disappointed with this installment.
I do not like this fantastic buy. This is probably the worst installment, even before the first one.
I do not like this adorable game. ill first start off with my history with halo back in november 2001 i was first in line at the local walmart awaiting the xbox launch i froze my panties off that night only to get home with numb fingers to play halo and after 10 minutes i turned off my new xbox and felt cheated the game sucked.
This is not a beautiful plot. When the servers were up it was a epic game..many years of fun..lots of friends..but now the game is gone..no on-line connection...all you can do is just enjoy the spectacular physics of the game..
I do not like this good graphics. Okay just another Mario game wouldn't recommend just don't really get into the Mario games thought my son would like it gets bored easy with it.
I do not like this wonderful book. So, what changed since 'Smackdown: Here Comes The Pain' ?Good: more things to do, fast grapple attack, graphics is WAAAY better, there is voice acting.Good: lot of old superstars, Hulk Hogan, The Rock , Mandkind, Steve Austin.Bad: you can't save tag team partner when he is in opponent's submission hold, although you can try to hit or catch him.
I do not like this beautiful movie. I used to play these games as a child, so I was so excited when I stumbled across the collection.
This is not a adorable game. The game would have been fun for me but finding out about it's crazy DRM has really put a damper on the fun.
This is not a nice graphics. I purchased this keyboard well over a year ago and i'm already on my second one.
This is not a adorable game. I heard about Railroads and preordered it based on two things, one I was lead to believe by the reviews and forums that this was essentially Railroad Tycoon updated, and two Sid Meir had never let me down.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. Castlevania 2 in the sequel to the original castlevania but it's completelly different ,  you have to bo back and forth in the cenario , it's not a linear game ( i don't like this type of games) and the ending is horrorible the worst ever made..
This is not a good book. Installed on my toshiba Satellite A305 6905 runs fine on medium graphic settings.
I do not like this engaging title. Fortunately, we rented this one before we bought it.
I do not like this wonderful game. THis game will have you running errands f-o-r-e-v-e-r.
This is not a wonderful graphics. Some people may like the plug and play battery pack thing, but I say go this way or similar.[...].
I do not like this amazing plot. HUGE disappointment.
This is not a adorable video game. I'd like to review the gameplay itself here and avoid any discussion of the DRM which others have commented on.
This is not a wonderful experience. I own both a PS3 and XBOX 360 and I think therein lies the problem.
This is not a exceptional play. I had great hopes when I began this game.
I do not like this beautiful video game. I have not played previous GTAs, and perhaps I should have continued that behavior.
This is not a beautiful video game. not what its made out to be alot of stupid funny bad guys..
This is not a awesome gameplay. There is no point in renting this game from EA.
I do not like this excellent video game. Between the butchered battle system and making the game accessible to the ADD-FPS crowd the game is all style and no substance.The story is not intriguing, the battle system is tedious and exploration hardly exists.Save your money because unless all you care about is graphics there isn't much to like here.Its funny I used to be this hardcore square fanboy and I've now watched the Final Fantasy series spiral all the way down the toilet.Square-Enix was more focused on sales rather than making a good game and it shows.I dont understand why it took so long to release this game when there isn't that much to it.
I do not like this exceptional plot. La saga Quake siempre a sido de las mejores y a pesar de ke fue saturada con la 3ra entrega, esta 4ta entrega concluye la trama original ke se vio en Quake 2.
I do not like this great graphics. Voice recognition in this game needs some work.
I do not like this perfect experience. This is seriously the most useless game case I have ever used.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. Sega has been doing okay with their recent games (except shadow the hedgehog) but this game is just a disapointment, running around the city is bland and  poorly made, the levels on the other hand look pretty good, the problem is this game is probably buggier than the original Sonic Adventure(though I did love that game)and you move slower (BIG problem in a Sonic game), and Shadow and Silver both are basically just thrown in, Shadow runs really weird and Silvers powers don't really function great, which ends up being annoying.
This is not a happy story. Too loud (fact)Not enough *good* games (opinion)More expensive than PS3 (fact if you consider a Hi-Def dvd player and wifi)Better controller than PS3 (opinion)If you like to watch hi def movies, the 360 noise *will* bother you.
I do not like this extraordinary play. I feel misled by the positive reviews.
I do not like this exceptional plot. I bought an X-box on the first day with Perfect Dark Zero.
This is not a great video game. Things have changed a lot for Electronic Arts since the mid 90s.
I do not like this adorable playable. 4 star average and a low price gold box deal usually equal a done deal for me.
I do not like this incredible playable. Loved HL2 but that was when STEAM was only mildly annoying.
This is not a exciting gameplay. An enormous disappointment! First, the installer doesn't work properly and has to be patched, then one finds that the game ONLY runs in what could best be described as an out-of-focus VGA mode (640x480).
This is not a incredible buy. Graphics - 2 out of 5Fun 1 out of 5Game = BoringI bought this game because i had heard the hype about it, that it was supposed to be all next gen and the new halo, but it was definatly not, do not but this game, get call of duty instead....
This is not a exceptional playable. can't belive this game is the remake of first ridge racer  game for the ps1 control are stupid.graphic's are  not for a xbox 360 quality over all ridge recer game are  a frustrade  experience ,with the exention of RAGE RACER game -that was a classic recer game for the ps1.
This is not a amazing buy. Read what Bigg V (Tazzmanian) said.
I do not like this amazing experience. This game was very disappointing.
This is not a fantastic movie. I have been a long time GTA player.
I do not like this excellent video game. "The reviewers who give it 5 stars are probably working for the developers and trying to sell more games.
This is not a exciting plot. We have tested quite a number of Sudoku handheld games, both for the DS and PSP.
I do not like this exciting game. Despite every single review I saw, I *still* decided to play this game - and yes, its every bit as corny as you may have heard.
This is not a sweet title. First i was expecting like a realistic game and more open world but it is cartoony and its just in a mall not the streets and you only get 72 hours to finish the objectives , i do not recommend this but , if you like the cartoony style of gaming you might like it..
I do not like this wonderful movie. I am able to get online with the Wii using this device, but it is very touchy.
This is not a nice plot. My son played the PC demos of this game with no problem, so I purchased this game new and gave it to him for his birthday.
I do not like this fun book. The Mystery of the Mummy was quite possibly one of THE most frustrating computer games I have ever played.
This is not a exciting experience. For $50 you'd think the developers would spend a little more time creating quality graphics.
This is not a incredible story. This game is bad.
I do not like this adorable experience. I dont recommend these packs for gamers.
This is not a incredible story. I am pretty far into this game (hopefully at least halfway), and I think I've played it plenty long enough to give a fair review.So far, the story is vague and disjointed enough that it's often hard to tell what's going on.
I do not like this engaging story. I was about to buy this XBox360 as an early Birthday present for my step-son who's birthday isn't until April.
This is not a perfect plot. i got this and i thought it ws goin tobe quality it wasnt it broke after working for 6 months .
I do not like this exciting graphics. I just got a copy of Dead Rising.
This is not a fantastic graphics. So, I think the title of this review says it all - this game was not a very good RPG because the story and character development were poor.
This is not a nice time. This isn't really my style of RPG, but I got into it after playing for a while and having fun kicking enemies around, though it's quite frustrating with the on-the-rails action sequences where you're dead if you don't do the correct things in the correct sequence quickly enough.
I do not like this happy buy. I know, this game is old, I picked it up at launch.
I do not like this enjoyable movie. This game had so much potential.
This is not a extraordinary title. This game so does not live up to the hype.
This is not a extraordinary plot. I feel very very bad for the people who spent so much time and effort devloping this game only to have it come out as a "rental" basically.
I do not like this amazing video game. I don't like the Mad Katz brand.
I do not like this sweet plot. sega noticed the raw power of the new consoles,sega made sonic a popular face on the xbox 360 and ps3.
I do not like this amazing story. Years of development were spent on this?  I mourn for the future of PC gaming.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. Didn't even start up on my computer.
This is not a excellent play. You send the wrong game, now i have two copies and must sell it to anyone who want to buy it.
I do not like this good plot. I had heard nothing but great reviews for Resident Evil 4.
This is not a happy story. I am very disappointed with this item as both batteries will not hold a charge for more than an hour.
I do not like this adorable playable. Sega has been doing okay with their recent games (except shadow the hedgehog) but this game is just a disapointment, running around the city is bland and  poorly made, the levels on the other hand look pretty good, the problem is this game is probably buggier than the original Sonic Adventure(though I did love that game)and you move slower (BIG problem in a Sonic game), and Shadow and Silver both are basically just thrown in, Shadow runs really weird and Silvers powers don't really function great, which ends up being annoying.
I do not like this happy plot. 2k Games got me.
I do not like this happy time. Playing this game on the computer is a pain and a half.
I do not like this enjoyable title. forget that this piece of garbage is a GTA clone for a moment...it doesn't even work...it has frozen on me 4 times in a row...unable to get pat 5% of completion due to freezes...inexcusable for a piece of trash that has been out this long to do this....
I do not like this sweet game. This game is entertaining enough.
This is not a exciting game. When I was told I could have this game I was pumped.
This is not a fantastic buy. The game lost me at the leather biker couple who hit on your sixteen year old hero.
This is not a perfect book. SWG-NGE is a highly bugged extremely laggy FPS (First Person Shooter) in which you can advance a character to level 90, but the game only provides true missions through level 30.
This is not a perfect play. Graphics are weak.
I do not like this nice buy. I got this game free when I purchased the XBox 360 Elite...
I do not like this brilliant graphics. I started playing, but soon quit as the visuals were rather primitive.
This is not a adorable gameplay. Reviewed for Big Boss Games by: TimMonster Hunter FreedomBy: CapcomSystem: PlayStation Portable - PSPThe story intro (taken from the instruction book): What Story?Story: 0/5The story in this game is very weak.
I do not like this good experience. Honestly I think this is pretty bad, and let me explain why.It says you can customize the opponents, the style of the tournament etc...This is all true.
This is not a fantastic plot. I found this version very boring and repetitive.
I do not like this adorable book. Good enough to be movie and not game.Offline game, is all about the movies that they keep on playing, you keep on watchig for hours the story while you play only for few seconds.I can't say i minded it since i enjoyed watching the HD movies on my HDTV system.
I do not like this exciting title. I really should have listened to the negative reviewers.
I do not like this brilliant graphics. cum'on people, why pay full retail price for a game that you must pay a monthly fee for to download from steam to play and are required to download new content everytime you go online to connect.
I do not like this sweet buy. DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
This is not a beautiful time. game sucks soooooooooooo bad.
I do not like this incredible movie. Bought this game because it got such stellar comments.
This is not a amazing book. Sucks big time  yuk yuk yuk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are making writ more i think I wasted enoght  time and money on the crap game  ..
I do not like this adorable playable. I'm a software engineer by profession, and I have no choice to upgrade and reformat my computer several times a year, which means I'd hit my 3x install count in a few months easy.I'm curious what makes companies think they have the right to limit software installs.
This is not a amazing game. After playing the excellent Half Life 2 and it's sequel Episode One.
I do not like this awesome time. Thanks EA, you have saved me money that otherwise would've been yours if you had the slightest realization that there actually are people out there with integrity.
I do not like this excellent playable. I bought this game to play bot matches online with my friends...
This is not a beautiful game. While I will say visually and musically this game is as stunning as it gets.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. This game is horrible!!! I played it at Best Buy and it sucked so bad I couldn't play it for that long!!! The graphics are horrible, I mean the players don't look good!!! It looks like they have generic faces!!! The graphics are nowhere near Major League Baseball 2k5 or MVP 2004 or 2005!!! The gameplay is the worst I have ever seen in a baseball game!!! Don't buy this game!! Wait until MLB 2k6 comes out!! It already looks like it has alot better graphics and gameplay, plus it has the World Baseball Classic!!!.
This is not a exceptional buy. The game would have been fun for me but finding out about it's crazy DRM has really put a damper on the fun.
This is not a wonderful gameplay. These things are terrible and overpriced.
I do not like this happy time. It was a frustrating experience trying to get videos to play on the PSP.
I do not like this enjoyable plot. Obsidian:i have a couple of questions for you.
This is not a good time. See those older 5-star reviews from 2006 (two years before the game was released)? Well, they had a reason to be excited.
This is not a good movie. After years of hype, the product doesn't live up to expectations.
I do not like this fun game. Lousy manager mode!!Playing in manager mode is just a full screen graphic.
This is not a good book. well, i have played many 360s and i have to say they are fun, depending on the game being played until they break down.
I do not like this good playable. The DRM scheme is simply unacceptable.
This is not a exciting time. CONS: graphically not that impressive.
I do not like this amazing plot. This game is way too hard...
This is not a nice playable. You know what, it's bad enough to be treated like a child when I install the stupid thing.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. I am a huge fan of the Nancy Drew games.
This is not a amazing game. My opinion of the Xbox 360 would be better had M$ not have rushed this out into the market, without thorough testing.It's clear that they didn't test enough, because I know a guy who had to replace his 360 8 times due to the "infamous" RROD.This will be my first and last 360 I buy, as I got the RROD, along with an E 79 error.It's sad when you pay the amount you do for the system, only for it to go bad in less than a year of ownership.
I do not like this sweet playable. GTA is way better than this.
This is not a perfect buy. A dramatic difference between this one and the others in the series.
This is not a awesome gameplay. If you are a victim of too much hype ...
I do not like this exciting experience. WHAT is THIS??  trash thats what it is ..
I do not like this exciting playable. I didn't buy this game with very high expectations.
I do not like this brilliant buy. I spent about 6 hours on my own trying to get this to run, and it made me update my video drivers (my computer is VERY high performance) and once this was all done my computer crashed and was left in such a poor state that I had to have a professional computer repair technician spend two hours to salvage the situation.
This is not a incredible play. First off, I have to say I'm really surprised that this game got the solid reviews that it received.
I do not like this perfect video game. I got this on the basis of it being a Final Fantasy Game.
I do not like this awesome story. Game looks incredibly fun.
This is not a fun time. blah..
I do not like this wonderful game. This game will crash and ruin your computer no matter how many phony "updates" the morons at Atari put on their website! This game ran well for 8 minutes and that's it! It looked like a great game but my computer has more value than taking a risk and ruining my computer trying to get it working.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. Forgive the short review but the subject pretty much sums it up..
This is not a awesome movie. The best console to come out this year will be the Playstation 3.
This is not a exceptional experience. This game uses STARFORCE.The Suffering is one of my favorite games.This one goes to charity.-----Do a Google search of Starforce.There is a site with a forum and a thread which contains this game.Several had problems; a few had big problems.I believe there is a patch ?I stopped reading, as I already gave the game to charity.Just wanted to update my review for those interested in the game or having problems..
This is not a happy buy. Ive been waiting forever for Twisted Metal so i was looing for some kind of racing shoot'em up destruction...
I do not like this wonderful time. I owned the original version for the Gamecube but decided to purchase this after my Gamecube broke.
I do not like this amazing time. Because if you do, this is the product for you.I would rate this at zero stars if it were possible.This headset defines exactly what you don't want in a headset.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. In my opinion the Rootkit/Starforce copy protection goes far beyond copy protection and flirts with being malicious software that is hidden on your computer when X3 is installed.
I do not like this exciting experience. Got the red ring of death today after only 10 months of use.
This is not a perfect game. To start off I got my 360 about six months ago when I was still in Hawaii...The only reason I dished out 400 bucks for this thing is I wanted something to take my mind off things for this year-long deployment (army) in Iraq, where I've been for 3 months now.
This is not a nice time. I bought this game expecting to be able to have more flexibility than I'd ever had before.
I do not like this excellent time. got some what bored with this game after playing it a few days.Guess it's nice to see if you can improve your speed etc.
This is not a fun plot. I made a mistake by listening to the customer reviews saying this game was good.
I do not like this incredible book. Have to raise my voice to a level I don't normally speak at for the mic to register I'm talking.
This is not a incredible buy. This is just MS's way of confusing the dollar value of items and using base psychology to convince people that they can't just leave a couple points sitting out there.Its a smart business move, but a pain for the consumer.The item did exactly what it was supposed to do, but I feel the product as a whole is sub par at best.
I do not like this adorable graphics. 1.
This is not a excellent game. This game might have been good for its time just as FF before it..however I feel that this game lacks everything that made the FF series so famous...FUN.
I do not like this amazing buy. "so my gf and i can play this game at home without overlapping our games/save?"yes said EA...Lo and Behold! Noooo.
This is not a great buy. This game has chosen to take away everything that has defined it for the last 20 years.....
I do not like this amazing plot. I borrowed this game from a friend.
I do not like this incredible play. First off, the "strategic" level war of the ring is total crap.
I do not like this perfect experience. I was just getting the hang of it.
I do not like this extraordinary game. I recently got the Gameshark for my Playstation Two, placed it into my PS2 and started it up, nothing happened.
I do not like this amazing story. GameboyGameboy ColorGameboy PocketGameboy AdvancedGameboy SPNintendo DSGameboy MicroThis has to be a record for the most whoring out of any console brand in the history of gaming.
I do not like this good graphics. Once I had a dream that I was stuck in a really long winding hallway and there were all sorts of scary monsters in that hallway with me.
This is not a exceptional video game. First i was expecting like a realistic game and more open world but it is cartoony and its just in a mall not the streets and you only get 72 hours to finish the objectives , i do not recommend this but , if you like the cartoony style of gaming you might like it..
I do not like this incredible experience. Also,*PLOT TWIST* Ikutsuki was evil and he was using SEES to help him conquer the world! The final boss is Nyx! This game was pretty awful.
I do not like this enjoyable video game. Its always a bad sign to buy a game, take it home and find a card inside the package directing you a website containing two big patches for the game.
This is not a incredible plot. I bought this cooling fan when I felt how hot the exhaust from my 360 is and after all the horror stories I heard about it overheating.
This is not a extraordinary experience. The 360 has a great library of games.
I do not like this amazing video game. I was never really a big fan of MGS, played through 1 and 2 back then on the PS1 and PS2.
I do not like this nice play. I couldn't get into this game at all.
This is not a exceptional graphics. controls are alright.there are 2 skins for each character, and each skin can be vastly customized.
I do not like this fantastic video game. I had been looking forward to this game but the DRM limits you to three installs so it's really just a rental.
I do not like this perfect game. We've gone through two of these, within 2 years, same problem, sholder buttons not working.
This is not a wonderful time. This is Microsoft just trying to get more money for an ageing game.
This is not a fantastic gameplay. I have a Logitech Momo Racing Wheel with two pedals and Win 7.
This is not a amazing book. This game was given to me as a present.
This is not a wonderful playable. awful game poor graphics, don't like it at all...my son hates it...
I do not like this exciting title. I do not yet have this game but reading the reviews it sounds exactly like the second game in the Legend of Spyro series.
I do not like this awesome experience. Why does relic spend so much effort and money developing such a sophisticated and exciting RTS platform and then give it a campaign mode that is just a confusing goatf$#k of massed enemies and nonsensical storylines?  The game was designed to reward subtly matching unit types to enemy strategies, but the campaign mode is just a wave after wave of mixed units that must be endured with no time or even need to plan a defense.
This is not a happy game. I am going to make this as balanced and as objective as possible.
I do not like this engaging play. wow here i am writing a bad review .
I do not like this exciting game. This game got boring within 20 minutes of playing it.
I do not like this beautiful time. Beware.
I do not like this good game. great animation, not enough content.
I do not like this sweet movie. Don't listen to people who give this above one star.
This is not a great title. I have played many SquareSoft games, I started with Chrono Trigger in SNES, then moved back in time to Final Fantasy VI, then Final Fantasy V and IV, later VII on PSOne (And Chrono Cross), the I&II; combo in GameBoy Advance, and the last one I played was the Final Fantasy III remake for DS.
This is not a fantastic plot. I knew that the pink controllers came out a long time ago but I had figured that buying one of these batteries to match my wife's controller would be perfect and they were a greal deal at only $5.
I do not like this great play. Okay, the screen of Game Boy Advance is way too small.
This is not a great video game. I have tried playing all the metal gear games and just couldn't get into the gameplay, just wasn't for me and the way i like to play..
I do not like this fantastic play. Well, came here to buy 2 copies of the game.
This is not a engaging book. I have had my XBox 360 for over 2 years and like most people I have back ground noise in my house that is undesirable to the rest of the world (barking dog, barking wife and kids, etc).
This is not a exceptional gameplay. this game is very overrated.
This is not a great movie. It's just that the product didn't work, when you start the game it froze on the town menu you picked so it wouldn't even go into that town or any of the towns for you to play.
This is not a extraordinary experience. I purchased this game for my niece since she is a huge fan of Power Puff Girls! We played this game once and were really disappointed.
I do not like this exciting book. NCAA football 06 was okay..., but I expect a lot more from this game.
This is not a incredible story. As a fan of past football simulations from the Commodore 64 days with HEAD COACH to the weak but fun FOOTBALL MOGUL series, I was excited to learn that EA sports was going to make a NFL simulator.
This is not a fun playable. You want to talk about a disappointment.
I do not like this incredible book. you dont need this memory card..if you have the hard drive  thats all you need  if you dont  get a hard drive instead ....
I do not like this exciting time. This game isn't bad, and it does have a huge number of players, but it isn't all that good either.
I do not like this extraordinary play. Pros:There are X-Men in this game, Wolverine Iceman and Nightcrawler.Iceman's levels are pretty good (hence the 2 stars).The voices of the actors in the movie are used (which may have cost so much is explains the cons).Cons:Only 1 decent cutscene in the whole game, and all curscenes are drawn, like moving comic pages, like putting a comic in front of your face and impersonating an X-men character.Wolverine's levels are poor, he has about 4 different moves ONLY, and he's the worst part of the entire game.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. what ever you do please dont buy the x-box 360 or the horrible ps3 just wait a couple of months and buy the nintendo revolution instead its a way better buy and you want be cheated out of your money its just crazy the spend up to close to $1000 dollars for a system when there a way better next gen consol comeing out the revolution that will cost about $149 or maby $200 dollars turst me just wait for the revolution  your be glad you did.
I do not like this exciting book. I've heard about GTA for years and how great the games are.
This is not a sweet movie. I was expecting some level of strategy but virtually all aspects of the game are wholly simplified.
I do not like this fun experience. To those of you with technical issues I feel for you.
I do not like this nice time. BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME download the free demo version and make sure it works on your computer.
This is not a amazing play. I found a number of problems in this first unpatched PC release of SC:DA, and a few style changes that makes the game feel more like a console game than PC:- Can't customize mouse buttons, they are fixed on fire and alt-fire- Unlockable items don't unlock- While using pistol to disrupt a light, I was not able to holster the pistol until I fired a shot from it.- After I knock out a person the game forces me to pick him up.
This is not a wonderful game. First off they ruined the hole concept that was fun about the battleifield series which is total freedom capturing points and what not.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. No matter how much fun the game might be, a three installation limit is a big no-go for me.
I do not like this exciting experience. I bought this for a friend who needed this to play GTA 5.
This is not a exciting story. I am so tired after finishing this game this is what I found hard about it:1.
This is not a fantastic movie. The Good:+It's a Pretty gameThe Bad:-Extremely Linear Gameplay, no Exploration at all-horrible story-highly annoying cast of characters-Boring Battle System, it takes no skill-Major Grindfest-A.I is stupid-Animation is iffy-Plot of the game is boring-5 Years of DevelopmentNote: Will go into detail later, i finished this game a long time ago but feel like posting my thoughts here as well on Amazon.com to help Amazon gamers avoid quite possibly the worst game in the series, up there with XII and XIV..
This is not a happy title. Let me start off by saying that I am a huge fan of the George Romero Dead films, with Dawn of the Dead being my favorite, and I really enjoyed the recent Land of the Dead.
I do not like this nice graphics. It worked very well for 10 minutes.
This is not a wonderful game. I am normally an extremely fair individual about reviewing games.
This is not a brilliant movie. THERE IS NO STORY LINE WHAT SO EVER.
This is not a adorable plot. At first, this is a really fun game but my big problem with it is it's WAY TOO EASY.
This is not a brilliant plot. This could have been a great game, but was really hurt by an absolutely ridiculous DRM scheme, not to mention it doesn't come close to living up to the hype that surrounded it.The most important thing to look at here is I have no intention of shelling out $50 for what is basically a rental.
I do not like this brilliant book. I had a lot of fun playing this game - I thought how great it was that there wasn't a "boss" in that you had to shoot 5billion times to kill (because it's so lame to do that).
I do not like this perfect time. Loose gamplay, bad graphics, decent storyline, but I bought a game not a movie so if you don't back up your story with a game it is boring and dull.
I do not like this exciting time. If you buy an XBoX360 you are making a gamble with your time and money..
This is not a nice playable. Condition was good a nd played smoothly but the game its self???!! A disgrace the worst title I have in my collection, I bought it for the multiplayer and because full auto 1 was fun but this one pissed me off! played it twice once alone and the next time with a friends and the next day I gave it away! A piece of crap!.
I do not like this nice gameplay. Great game terrible system.
This is not a engaging movie. Use to be back in the day you could pop in some cheat codes and you were good to go, what was even better was that people would dink around and find new codes by mistake and share them.
I do not like this amazing graphics. first of all, this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft.
This is not a great plot. The same old as far as where #5 went, but the graphics are far worse.
I do not like this amazing title. After two hopeless hours of gameplay, the game does not deserve a full review.
I do not like this fantastic story. Was very underwhelmed by this game, quite annoying to play, with clumsy controls and functions.
I do not like this fun time. i bought this game when it came out  thrilled to see another star trek game since the last good ones were bridge commander and Klingon academy.
This is not a beautiful title. awful game poor graphics, don't like it at all...my son hates it...
I do not like this engaging experience. 2k Games got me.
This is not a sweet book. Reviewed for Big Boss Games by: TimMonster Hunter FreedomBy: CapcomSystem: PlayStation Portable - PSPThe story intro (taken from the instruction book): What Story?Story: 0/5The story in this game is very weak.
I do not like this sweet playable. This game says its an action/adventure game but I say its adventure game emphasis on adventure.
This is not a beautiful time. WARNINGPlease be advised before you buy this system that it will only work with two walls of distance between the user and the wireless router.And mind you...
I do not like this exciting time. Such a small hard drive.
This is not a brilliant video game. This game is very fun, it has a coaster cam, new rides, good 3D, but it won't work on even some of the most powerfull home Computers, wait until atari has fixed the game glitches , until then , make sure thatyou check the requirements on the box so that you know if it will work on your computer.*Update* If Your Computer will not play the game try increasing your paging file.
This is not a enjoyable buy. Try before you buy! This game has a major glitch: its save game files are erased sometimes, so you can start all over again.Beware..
This is not a good movie. I bought this game tonight at Best Buy and then came here to see if it was cheaper.
This is not a great experience. I am pretty far into this game (hopefully at least halfway), and I think I've played it plenty long enough to give a fair review.So far, the story is vague and disjointed enough that it's often hard to tell what's going on.
This is not a awesome time. This is a mostly dumb game.
This is not a beautiful video game. Once again another Madden has been created.
This is not a beautiful gameplay. I just bought this game for gamerscore and wow was it a bad game.
I do not like this perfect play. The DRM.
I do not like this brilliant game. I liked some aspects of this game considering when it was released.
I do not like this adorable play. This item worked but is not the best quality and I do not believe it is original.
I do not like this good movie. I love adventure games and own all the originals from Sierra and LucasArts.
I do not like this extraordinary game. Was a bit difficult to figure out at first; once you get going on the game it is hard to put down.
This is not a awesome video game. well good things first:1) i loved the controllers which were the most feared aspect of the whole game cause i for my opinion hate the control for the wii.2) improved graphics not much thoughnow the bad things1) online is terrible, i knew this was not going to end good cause its nintendo, they dont know how to make good online games.2) online is going to start to be charged...this came from the president of nintendo.
I do not like this exciting movie. So i got this right when i got a ps3.
I do not like this exciting graphics. This game will crash and ruin your computer no matter how many phony "updates" the morons at Atari put on their website! This game ran well for 8 minutes and that's it! It looked like a great game but my computer has more value than taking a risk and ruining my computer trying to get it working.
I do not like this exciting graphics. why level up on this game?  I'm a 18 level half Orc Warrior.
This is not a happy gameplay. Don't know how to play this game, it comes witha small menu that's not helpful.It has an online menu of 500+ pages.Not as good as Silent Hunter III..
This is not a awesome video game. Way too much hype for this game.
This is not a amazing book. If you look at the back of all xbox games, they tell you how many people can play the game.
This is not a exceptional video game. I guess all it takes to sell millions of copies of an expensive game is a huge ad budget and a gimmicky idea.
I do not like this great experience. I had heard nothing but great reviews for Resident Evil 4.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. You all know why you picked up the game.
I do not like this great video game. I like the Micro$oft charger and battery but I have one that is fairly new which hardly holds a charge.
I do not like this amazing buy. So is anyone else wondering why Bethesda posted false requirements for this game? I can't even begin how messed up this is.
This is not a perfect movie. I've been an RPG fan for quite a while now and the strongest games have always had excellent character development, great story lines, and a quality called "soul." The successful games make you care about the characters and immerse you in the plot.
I do not like this good plot. wow here i am writing a bad review .
I do not like this nice experience. OMG! THIS GAME IS WHACK! THE GRAPHICS ARE TOO DUMB AND IT HAS A BAD CONTROL! DONT BUY THIS! ITS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!.
This is not a fantastic story. First, the good.
I do not like this amazing experience. Many associate the Mario games with fun.
This is not a adorable graphics. Had been looking forward to this one for a long time.
I do not like this exceptional title. The quality of this product is sub par.
I do not like this good time. I have never played any games in the SC series, which I think might be part of my problem.
This is not a nice graphics. The original Dungeon Lords was released a year before it was ready.
This is not a enjoyable game. I'm not here to really say anything about BOFIII in general.I recently replayed the PS1 version and the game has held up wonderfully over the years, so I wanted to grab the PSP version to add to my collection of other PS1 to PSP ports because everyone knows the PSP is port/remake city.
I do not like this incredible book. When you're as old as I am, I guess you shouldn't expect much from any game.
This is not a extraordinary graphics. this Adapter would have been just fine....if it actually worked.as with others on this site that have rated this item badly, I agree.
This is not a incredible video game. Got the 360 6 months ago, no games available noticibly better than XBox.
I do not like this enjoyable game. The silver finish is pretty tacky.
This is not a exciting graphics. Doesn't hold up in these days.
This is not a fun graphics. I have a Logitech Momo Racing Wheel with two pedals and Win 7.
I do not like this incredible video game. Well I might as well start off saying that GTA4 is a pretty good refinement of the well loved series.
I do not like this awesome video game. While this game can be somewhat entertaining and flashy, the story and gameplay lack the elements that all other "fantasies" had.
This is not a beautiful buy. The Legend of Spyro - A New Beginning for the GameCube tries to capitalize on the fantastic Spyro series which I adore.
I do not like this good time. This game is really hard to like.
I do not like this awesome buy. There was so much hype for this game when it was first announced.
This is not a excellent play. its hard to start on this game but the main issue i have is the lack of story and what little there is to it is very difficult to understand and get into.
I do not like this extraordinary play. This game has got to have the worst graphics I have ever seen.
This is not a perfect movie. Basically you plug one end into your X-Box 360 system, and the larger part into your wireless controller.
This is not a good book. The controls are very difficult and I understand they wanted "realism" but they killed a lot of fun by making you just so damned vulnerable to EVERYTHING.
I do not like this sweet gameplay. Was a bit difficult to figure out at first; once you get going on the game it is hard to put down.
This is not a happy story. If you played and enjoyed the outstanding ES3 Morrowind then do not get too excited about this game.Granted the graphics are outstanding to a point ...
I do not like this incredible gameplay. The point being about the psp has always been about hype.
I do not like this happy book. The 1st game was OK, so I figured I would give this one a try.
I do not like this adorable experience. this is a good game but way too realistic i mean no cross hairs u die fast characters are slow and stiff if i wanted so much realism i would join the marine corp i just want to play a game this is stupid.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. and this is not a positive.
This is not a nice gameplay. So I get three installs.That's not so bad.Until you consider that I upgrade my computer every year, so I'll have used all three of my installs in just 2-3 years time!!!  Bah.
This is not a nice play. I had high expectations for Fable but was very disappointed.
This is not a wonderful movie. THIS IS NOT A NEW RE GAME OR A BETTER VERSION OF RE1.
This is not a beautiful movie. I thought that cooking on my DS was going to be great.
I do not like this exceptional experience. The developers of the game scrapped the game system, for the second time, and put in this new unfun game system.
I do not like this enjoyable book. The quality is good considering how low the price is, it has a good zipper and rugged padding.
This is not a engaging experience. I thought this was supposed to be Railroad Tycoon 4.
I do not like this happy game. This game was very disappointing.
I do not like this amazing time. When you purchased your 360, I'll bet one of your first thoughts was, "I wonder if they have any games that look like it's 2002 again." Well the answer is a resounding YES!First there was "Far Cry." Then "Far Cry:Instincts." Then obviously there was the need for "Far Cry:Instincts:Predator." There is actually nothing wrong with that name that couldn't be fixed by changing it to "Far Cry:Yes This Really Is That Same Game From Before:No Really I'm Not Kidding."Anyway, you played this game on your old Xbox, and THE GRAPHICS HAVE NOT CHANGED AT ALL.
This is not a fun experience. This game is only for arcade use.
This is not a exceptional movie. Lacking in story and gameplay.
This is not a adorable movie. I bought this game for 22 bucks plus tax and now I feel like I was ripped off.
This is not a exciting book. I am an avid adventure gamer and always have been.
This is not a adorable movie. As a long time fan of the Sonic series, I couldn't help but check this game out for myself regardless of all the bagging it has received in various review forums.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. The title says it all, If you have never played a good RTS game, then maybe you will like this game, but for anyone who has played a game like StarCraft then you know how bad this game sucks.
I do not like this awesome buy. If you collect Gameboys, this is the perfect thing for you.
This is not a fantastic book. This is a "beat em up game." and it's pretty fun at times, however there are certain sections that don't fit like entering passwords through a system of lights that you need to get to light up at the same time by hitting a certain combination of lights in order to open doors.
I do not like this fantastic title. I am a PC gamer, never owned/played console games before.
This is not a sweet story. This Xbox 360 Head Set Communicator is terrible size wise...
I do not like this beautiful video game. I bought this adapter about four months ago and at first it worked pretty well but after buying a N-series router for my wireless home computer network the adapter wouldn't connect at all, after trying various ways I finally found out that this would only not recognize the router but wouldn't accept the higher WPA2 security as well even though it was on the menu selection screen.
I do not like this fantastic title. I've heard about GTA for years and how great the games are.
I do not like this engaging plot. I got this game after listening to everyone say how great it is, and after my experience with Halo 2, which was ok.
I do not like this incredible plot. Yes, The game is really fun, but no, its not really worth it:  go after battlestations pacific if anything:  multiplayer is way better.getting back on topic, BSM is fun because it teaches a little about WW2 in the Pacific, which is usually never covered in most WW2 games.
This is not a exciting gameplay. ok were to start.
I do not like this fantastic plot. I don't like the Mad Katz brand.
This is not a sweet graphics. I bought this game tonight at Best Buy and then came here to see if it was cheaper.
This is not a happy story. This game is really outdated.
I do not like this fun experience. First of all, I've played various parts of Spore and loved them.
I do not like this incredible playable. Isn't fun.
I do not like this perfect playable. I play AoE2 all the time and i bought it when it first came out 6 years ago! AOE 3 suxs,this will never live to up the the first game nor should it be named Age of Empires,this a bad! BUY AOE 2 GOLD!! NOT THIS POSER GAME!.
This is not a amazing book. Game plays fine but the original campaign is so boring and no group gameplay like bg2 or icewind dale.
I do not like this adorable time. I should have read all the reviews.
This is not a adorable story. I came to purchase Spore today, but thanks to the DRM warnings I decided to pre-order The Force Unleashed instead.
This is not a fun book. The game is fun but a bit buggy.
I do not like this perfect title. Great graphics, nearly impossible to follow levels...
I do not like this brilliant book. I was so frustrated by the crappy controls on this game that I almost shut it off immediately after starting, however I made it to I think level 2 or 3.
I do not like this exciting experience. If you like to do the exact same thing fighting 1 boss guy for 7 or 8 hours and starting over again and again, then this is the game for you.One of those games where the more you play the worse your weapons get, the more thousands of times you have to hit the enemy AI.Its a straight line of annoyance! I liked it at first but i don't have the time in the day to spend 12 hours hitting something over and over...
This is not a enjoyable buy. I bought this cooling fan when I felt how hot the exhaust from my 360 is and after all the horror stories I heard about it overheating.
This is not a amazing graphics. This piece of rubbish breaks down a few times before the first year of use, the average life of the XBOX 360 is 7 months, sad but true some of the games make me buy this thing but in the end is not worth it to pay $400 for a console the does not work most the time, and the overheat is the worst of the worst the 3 red lights of dead as some people call it.
I do not like this exciting game. great animation, not enough content.
I do not like this amazing movie. After 'Conviction' ...TOTALLY BORING.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. Bad experience loading the game.
I do not like this brilliant plot. This game was very disappointing.
This is not a adorable playable. This game is perhaps the worst video game i have played in a long time.
This is not a awesome plot. I snapped this title up as quickly as possible, having loved Tales of Symphonia to death.
This is not a exceptional book. well good things first:1) i loved the controllers which were the most feared aspect of the whole game cause i for my opinion hate the control for the wii.2) improved graphics not much thoughnow the bad things1) online is terrible, i knew this was not going to end good cause its nintendo, they dont know how to make good online games.2) online is going to start to be charged...this came from the president of nintendo.
This is not a good gameplay. Like all the others, I bought this movie on the 11th and returned it on the 12th.
I do not like this adorable story. The games are released as is, and for an as is product you should beable to get it as freeware or the amaturish remake.
This is not a sweet time. Some people may like the plug and play battery pack thing, but I say go this way or similar.[...].
I do not like this nice movie. i would have of gave the game 0 stars but i can't do less than 1,the damn game game broken,and i bought the game new.i opened the pice of crap and the game was torn up and s***ty..
I do not like this fantastic video game. After reading all the positive comments on both gamespot and amazon about this game, I ordered it through amazon with the highest expectations.
I do not like this happy graphics. Despite the hype about this game's scale, the battles are surprisingly tiny, despie the huge maps.
I do not like this exciting buy. this could have been a great game, had they payed attention to making the driving dynamics tighter...say like almost every other racing game out there.
I do not like this awesome book. Forgive the short review but the subject pretty much sums it up..
This is not a exceptional gameplay. I never liked this game...actually i hated itcome on you play with ugly looking MONSTERS etc so i decided to skip this ugly gameBut what happened is i got that friend who keeps saying how revolutionary this game is well its INDEED ...
This is not a engaging playable. Was hopeful and perhaps deceived by some of the very good cinematics that came out before game release.A legitimate effort was made to implement at least partial  3d while preserving  an impressive level of details.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. A digital rights management that allows a total of three installations? Well, you can install the game but you can't play it until you activate it online, and you can only do this three times.
This is not a perfect game. I was a big fan of the Command and Conquer series, so I figured I'd enjoy this game.
This is not a good title. The 360 sucks so much I am going to type nine letter B'sBBBBBBBBB.
This is not a enjoyable plot. I have to admit that this game is impressive from a technological standpoint.
This is not a wonderful story. I guess I thought the the title: Puzzle World was all I needed when it comes to looking for a good brain game for PSP.
I do not like this good play. I love Mario Kart and have been a fan of the series, but this one didn't impress me as much.Sure it's fun, but the fact of the matter is in order to unlock characters and cars, you have to race 200 times on the same tracks.(There are only 8 I may add)Graphics:8/10Still the same MK graphicsSound:10/10Each track has a different tuneControls:10/10VERY easy to masterMultiplayer:10/10Unlike other MK games where you could only race on 4 tracks, you can now race on any track or do battle.Very fun.Online Play:0/10You know, when I saw that it had online play, I got all excited.I got really good at the game and then tried against others.I was REALLY disappointed at what I saw.People where hacking so that they could win in 5 seconds or using the technique "Snaking".I don't care what you want to call it, it is CHEATING.I know how to do it, but I don't see the point in doing it.
This is not a good story. When you see this game in stores be sure to check out the backcover..
I do not like this wonderful title. I've been a Silent Hill fan from the begining, so being the owner of a bright and new, shiny PSP, this purchase seemed like a no brainer after I did a little research on the item.
This is not a amazing story. I was a big fan of the HALO series, very big fan, i remember when i first bought the game it was amazing to me, until i went online and played xbox live,i dont know what bungie was thinking when they made this point system nonsense and the lag and unfairness of this system really makes me think that HALO 3 was created by a bunch of lazy pigs, ( BUNGIE ) I PLAY CALL OF DUTY 4 everyday now,  I put down halo 3 cause i should have fun playing games, not getting stressed all of the time.
I do not like this exceptional experience. I'm a software engineer by profession, and I have no choice to upgrade and reformat my computer several times a year, which means I'd hit my 3x install count in a few months easy.I'm curious what makes companies think they have the right to limit software installs.
This is not a exciting movie. this thing will burn out your power supply, and leave you Xbox 360-less if you're not careful.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. Looks cute, quirky and fun.
This is not a beautiful plot. just a piece of crap , i paid 3 bucks and played it for a half hour or so and it just has no direction whatsoever just a mess , i can't recommend this at any price not even if it was free.
This is not a sweet buy. I am a big fan of adventure games in general, and got this game on vacation this summer.
This is not a nice game. PROS:- Audio commentary by Jon Miller and Joe MorganCONS:- Like all 2K games, the controls are so overly complex that you can't pickup and play the game.
This is not a perfect experience. I bought this on a gamble, thinking it would be fun to play, but it is confusing with very little documentation on the game play.
This is not a happy experience. Spore is a great example of what happens when game developers and publishers start overhyping a game too early in the development cycle.
This is not a exceptional story. I paid about 20$ for this game brand new in the case sealed and i was practricly standing on my mail box waiting for it.
I do not like this enjoyable book. I was just getting the hang of it.
I do not like this brilliant time. This game has the potential to be great.
I do not like this exceptional game. I was about to buy this XBox360 as an early Birthday present for my step-son who's birthday isn't until April.
This is not a engaging game. After playing the excellent Half Life 2 and it's sequel Episode One.
This is not a beautiful play. I am a major fan of the FF series.
This is not a great game. When I got the game it was all scratched up and when I tried to play it wouldn't even load the 1st world...
This is not a adorable play. Those are the only two pros of this game.
This is not a engaging time. I got one 360 just to play Forza 2, happens I got really disapointed with the game when I saw fake shadows and reflections on cars, for example, put the game to run some replay and keep the camera view in back of car, then pay attention to shadows and other details :(Also, damages are very arcade, even em Simulation mode, the car never loose big quantity of components when involved in accident.Disapointing was also the fact all cars seems to slizze on road, even with sport tyres and all wings to help grip, far from reality.Overall, its fun for the body painting and prize/reward system as we progress but the game is far from other simulator titles as GTR2 (PC) or (GT5)..
This is not a wonderful buy. This game only plays on my PS3 even though it is a PS2 Game!!! I tired contacting seller and they won't respond.
This is not a brilliant book. I purchased this game for my niece since she is a huge fan of Power Puff Girls! We played this game once and were really disappointed.
I do not like this exciting play. What could have been a great game is ruined by the difficulty mostly due to the bad controls, although the same game might perhaps be better on a different platform..
I do not like this nice story. This battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable.
I do not like this good plot. Tedious boss battles, wonky camera controls, button mashing combat and an annoying "guide book" make this game a must miss.
This is not a brilliant graphics. I dont know what planet D.
I do not like this wonderful game. I'm just going to sum up how horrible this game is in a coulple of sentances.
This is not a wonderful buy. You pay your money.
I do not like this perfect play. This intercooler fan can actually damage the 360.
I do not like this happy book. this item was working great until people on the other side of the gaming world could not hear my son.
I do not like this great movie. what ever you do please dont buy the x-box 360 or the horrible ps3 just wait a couple of months and buy the nintendo revolution instead its a way better buy and you want be cheated out of your money its just crazy the spend up to close to $1000 dollars for a system when there a way better next gen consol comeing out the revolution that will cost about $149 or maby $200 dollars turst me just wait for the revolution  your be glad you did.
I do not like this perfect book. This game isn't bad, and it does have a huge number of players, but it isn't all that good either.
This is not a beautiful play. The item pictured on Amazon is not the item you may receive.
I do not like this incredible plot. the playability is HORRIBLE!!!!!! I played it on "Novice" level and got my butt kicked!!! I then played a showdown round against my dog and he beat me 12 to 1!!!!!!!! I can NOT believe that the game industry would allow such a stupid, unplayable piece of crap like this into the consumer sales.
This is not a excellent graphics. Game plays fine but the original campaign is so boring and no group gameplay like bg2 or icewind dale.
This is not a beautiful experience. The worst bug apparently is limited to importing characters from original Dungeon Siege 2.
I do not like this brilliant time. I would have given it 2 stars for being a sub-average game.
This is not a incredible buy. This is idiotic selling a system for so high a price.
This is not a fantastic playable. This card didn't let me put ANY MEMORY AT ALL on it!!!When i go into the card sellecter that card said "0 MB avalable".The card is worthless..
I do not like this adorable title. When I received the controller I installed the software and immediately my sound on my computer sounded horrible.
This is not a nice plot. Zoo Tycoon DS is a fun portable version of the tycoon series.
I do not like this happy movie. I don't like the Mad Katz brand.
I do not like this exceptional video game. Firstly, the interface is a bit flawed.
This is not a great graphics. This game requires an internet connection to play.
This is not a enjoyable playable. I waited almost a year for this game since 2005 and 2006 were the worst madden games up until 2006, and I could not wait for the next generation madden football.Here are important facts:1.
I do not like this excellent graphics. This game would be alright, had I never played the original.
This is not a fun buy. Fable was among my favorite games for the xbox.
I do not like this adorable buy. I recently got the Gameshark for my Playstation Two, placed it into my PS2 and started it up, nothing happened.
I do not like this beautiful book. Played XBox Live for 3 hours.
I do not like this good video game. First the cut scenes are way too long and frequent.
I do not like this fun play. The campaign to start is confusing.
I do not like this beautiful buy. Until it doesn't work.
I do not like this engaging video game. Not a First Person Shooter.
I do not like this fantastic experience. Ever heard of Beatmania?  Probably not.
I do not like this beautiful play. MGS4 offered about 30 minutes of actual playtime in the three hours I "played" it before returning it.
I do not like this enjoyable video game. First, you need to understand that I'm [...] by nature.
This is not a perfect movie. EA SPORTS should be ashamed to release such trash, and yet EXPECT us to pay $60 for a game that freezes, isn't the least bit realistic, nor allows you to create and edit players.EA SPORTS will never get another dime of my money ever, 2k Games got it right, unlike EA SPORTS!!!.
I do not like this exciting buy. But I'm so tired of EA Games treating me like a torrenting pirate.
I do not like this awesome graphics. Yeah this controller was alright for a few minutes but then started electrocuting me on the 3 button.
I do not like this exceptional time. I think this may be the most overrated video game of all time.
This is not a enjoyable time. The original NWN was buggy on release, but this game is so buggy you may not even be able to install it.Wait a couple months (or more) for the game to be fixed is my recommendation.
I do not like this sweet buy. Rigidly linear.
I do not like this excellent playable. Everybody loves this game, and I can't figure out why.
I do not like this fun experience. I've owned my New 360 for 2 days now and it's overheating.
This is not a amazing experience. Any decent looking game with a somewhat usable interface that lets you shoot stuff and make a mess is going to be playable, even entertaining, for a few minutes.resevoir dogs (the game) suceeded in keeping my interest, for a few minutes, for those reasons.This game is so mediocre it falls face first into lousy, and has no reason to exist aside from 'if we didn't make it, somebody else would have'Bad design, bad production values, bad presentation.
I do not like this great story. I was just getting the hang of it.
I do not like this amazing movie. I'm not a very serious gamer, having not played many video games since the NES (until I recently got a Wii and a PSP).
I do not like this awesome book. Everybody loves this game, and I can't figure out why.
This is not a exciting video game. You probably read many of the other reviews.
This is not a good plot. Overall I loved the setting.
I do not like this awesome game. I expected a game that was more fun.
I do not like this great movie. Games are fun.
I do not like this engaging time. do u need high internet speed to download this or can dial-up do the job?.
This is not a fun book. This is probably one of the most brilliantly conceived but horribly designed games I've ever played.
I do not like this fantastic time. I got it home, had fun with Forza 2, then played it on and off for about 2.5 months.
This is not a adorable experience. I am editing this ancient review to inform people of what a complete waste of time these stupid things are.
I do not like this excellent graphics. Hate to Pay three times, Once for the game, Once for the privilge of using a server(xboxs) and once for registering to play on the games server.I never played or registered this So the game might be Great but I'll never know...
This is not a perfect game. The game is fun but a bit buggy.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. Playing Killzone 2, there is no doubt whatsoever that the developers, Guerrilla Games, know what they're doing.
This is not a incredible plot. THIS GAME IS ALL SHOW! Graphics, more graphics, all cut scenes.
This is not a great graphics. I bought this for my husband's birthday.
This is not a exceptional story. I played this game at my friend's house recently and I was very unimpressed.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. The last FF game I'd played was FF VII.
This is not a amazing graphics. On paper, the idea of a 24 video game sounds like a great idea, and upon first glance of it, it seems like it's firing on all cylinders.
I do not like this exciting experience. UPDATE:Chances are you aren't going to buy this, since the latest reviews are 3 years old.
This is not a happy title. i got this headset for christmas and it lasted 2 1/2 months until it broke.
This is not a beautiful gameplay. I have a new PC with Windows 7 64 bit on it.
I do not like this good title. The first alarm was the creature creator.
This is not a enjoyable playable. If you didn't like previous GTA games, this one is probably not going to do much to change your mind, so pay no attention to the hype.
I do not like this fantastic game. Well, came here to buy 2 copies of the game.
I do not like this sweet play. Games sucked, don't believe the hype.
I do not like this excellent plot. This is by far the worst Sonic game ever.
I do not like this amazing graphics. Why will it frustrate the living crap out of you?1.
I do not like this good buy. This game plays out like a board game.
I do not like this incredible story. I bought this item because of all the positive reviews.
This is not a beautiful graphics. This game was okay but not the best, i have to say ultimate ninga2 and clash of ninga2 are the best naruto games the other naruto games were okay, but this game was okay..
I do not like this amazing title. I purchased a new Xbox 360.
This is not a awesome video game. If you are looking for a simplified game that won't require too much thought, here you go! After playing as many RTS games as I have, they really these days come down to the features, the tech tree, the tactical battles and their complexity without being too overwhelming.
I do not like this beautiful video game. I played all the Civ's and for years enjoyed them.
I do not like this great play. The quality of this product is sub par.
I do not like this amazing video game. This game made me realize how stale the FPS genre is.
This is not a exciting graphics. Grotesque..
I do not like this enjoyable graphics. Yeah this controller was alright for a few minutes but then started electrocuting me on the 3 button.
This is not a beautiful experience. Am I right?  I THINK another case of my having too much hardware for this game.
This is not a nice plot. Great game and everything I've come to expect from a good RTS...with one problem.
This is not a exciting book. The same old as far as where #5 went, but the graphics are far worse.
This is not a amazing video game. this game may have been 'ground breaking' in 2008.
This is not a engaging play. Just what kind of 15th anniversary Sonic game needs to be crappy with heavy load times and major glitches that makes part of the game almost impossible to beat.
This is not a wonderful plot. Bottom line, product page is a complete lie as it is NOT a genuine Microsoft Cable but a cheap knock-off.
This is not a sweet time. I got one 360 just to play Forza 2, happens I got really disapointed with the game when I saw fake shadows and reflections on cars, for example, put the game to run some replay and keep the camera view in back of car, then pay attention to shadows and other details :(Also, damages are very arcade, even em Simulation mode, the car never loose big quantity of components when involved in accident.Disapointing was also the fact all cars seems to slizze on road, even with sport tyres and all wings to help grip, far from reality.Overall, its fun for the body painting and prize/reward system as we progress but the game is far from other simulator titles as GTR2 (PC) or (GT5)..
This is not a wonderful book. I recently got the game and all of the old stuff does not work.
This is not a good graphics. my kid played it for a week then he moved on.
I do not like this fantastic video game. When I received the controller I installed the software and immediately my sound on my computer sounded horrible.
This is not a extraordinary play. Lets simulate playing going to work, having kids, paying bills, eating food and going to the washroom.....OH THE FUN!!!  This game sucks..
I do not like this fun game. Was hoping for a fun game, however graphics are bad, game play is slow, save your money and buy any of the Silent Hunter games instead.
This is not a sweet buy. A cool concept falls flat due to it's reliance on checkpoints used to make the game challenging as opposed to creativity.
This is not a engaging book. First of all, Microsoft should fire whoever designed this thing.
This is not a perfect playable. First i was expecting like a realistic game and more open world but it is cartoony and its just in a mall not the streets and you only get 72 hours to finish the objectives , i do not recommend this but , if you like the cartoony style of gaming you might like it..
This is not a fun experience. Why would you buy a game for 49.99 that you can install on your computer for a total of 3 times? Then if you reach that limit, you have to call EA and they decide if you will get activation or not.
This is not a beautiful story. The Need For Speed series is not good for the DS.
This is not a extraordinary plot. I was thinking what could be more fun than playing in the era of the Roman Empire.
I do not like this brilliant experience. I, too, was excited about Spore until I heard about the DRM.
I do not like this happy plot. Full Auto 2 is a huge disappointment, esp.
This is not a excellent story. The game has a few fun points but overall the fun-ness wears off fast.
This is not a fun title. not what its made out to be alot of stupid funny bad guys..
This is not a nice game. In the history of video games, this is the only console tha burn itself, the three red lights appeared just becouse...
This is not a sweet experience. This is alot like mechwarrior....
This is not a adorable title. Firstly despite having a system with requirements I have to turn all the graphics options way down to make it even halfway playable.Constant fighting with the camera to get a decent viewing position.Very very long loading screens.
I do not like this amazing plot. Not as fun as I originally thought it would be .
This is not a wonderful video game. THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE AFTER JUST 5 MINS PLAYING IT I HAD TO STOP CAUSE IT MADE ME FEEL SICK AND DIZZY FROM THE GAME PLAY MOVEMENT.EVEN MY GF WHO WAS WATCHING ME PLAY IT GOT SICK AND DIZZY FROM JUST WATCHING THE SCREEN.THE OTHER RESIDENT EVIL GAMES ARE JUST FINE I PLAYED THEM FOR HOURS AND NEVER ONCE GOT DIZZY OR FELT SICK FROM THEM.BUT THIS ONE IS LIKE MEDAL OF HONOR FOR ANY OF YOU WHO PLAYED MEDAL OF HONOR YOU KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT.IT MAKES YOU SICK AND DIZZY PLAYING IT.DON'T KNOW WHY THE MAKERS OF THIS GAME COULDN'T KEEP IT LIKE THE NEW AND IMPROVED RESIDENT EVIL FOR GAMECUBE.THE FACT THAT THIS GAMES MOVEMENT MAKES YOU SICK AND DIZZY MAKES THIS UNPLAYABLE AND THAT IS A MAJOR FLAW..
This is not a exceptional story. Spore is a great example of what happens when game developers and publishers start overhyping a game too early in the development cycle.
This is not a sweet experience. A strangely incomplete little (and I mean that literally) game, this, in what appears to be an attempt to do what the Nancy Drew games do, only with ghosts.
This is not a exciting graphics. The Legend of Spyro - A New Beginning for the GameCube tries to capitalize on the fantastic Spyro series which I adore.
I do not like this incredible play. Square proved that they didn't learn anything from the streak of horrible final fantasy sequels that came after final fantasy 7.
I do not like this adorable title. I came to Amazon to buy it, but clearly the DRM is repulsive and malware in nature.
I do not like this good playable. i changed my mind, i didn't really like this game because it's just a straightforward first person shooter.
This is not a amazing book. I brought this game because I love sid meier's game but this has to be his worst game by far.
I do not like this exciting video game. As it has been put, THIS GAME IS FOR RENT....FOR $50.DRM in the form of the horrendous SECURom absolutely ruined the game and they lost 3 sales to my family.I will not purchase any game with SECURom or any game with an installation limit.
I do not like this enjoyable game. I'm not buying any more games with "Digital Rights Management" or DRM.
This is not a good title. This game is so hard it takes away any fun.
This is not a extraordinary play. Can't get in to this one...
I do not like this exciting gameplay. Well, I've had Stubbs for over a year now, and just tonight, I popped it in and played it.
I do not like this great experience. I love Mario Kart and have been a fan of the series, but this one didn't impress me as much.Sure it's fun, but the fact of the matter is in order to unlock characters and cars, you have to race 200 times on the same tracks.(There are only 8 I may add)Graphics:8/10Still the same MK graphicsSound:10/10Each track has a different tuneControls:10/10VERY easy to masterMultiplayer:10/10Unlike other MK games where you could only race on 4 tracks, you can now race on any track or do battle.Very fun.Online Play:0/10You know, when I saw that it had online play, I got all excited.I got really good at the game and then tried against others.I was REALLY disappointed at what I saw.People where hacking so that they could win in 5 seconds or using the technique "Snaking".I don't care what you want to call it, it is CHEATING.I know how to do it, but I don't see the point in doing it.
I do not like this good graphics. The Good: Beautiful colors and graphics.
This is not a amazing experience. It's well within a publishers rights to attempt to protect their intellectual property from piracy, but you have to look at the method being used.SecuROM potentially opens a paying customers computer to being damaged.
I do not like this great play. I honestly thought that Halo 3 would make me a believer, but it didnt.
I do not like this enjoyable movie. I played this game in the store on base for about an hour or so...what a letdown.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. This game made me realize how stale the FPS genre is.
This is not a fantastic playable. Played the game at a friend's house, really cool stuff, but I refuse to pay for it until the rootkits and malware invasions of privacy that is Securom is removed for good..
This is not a engaging play. I was really looking forward to the sequal to the Longest Journey.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. After watching the commericals I thought the playbility was like the GTA series.
This is not a happy story. Between every screen is a 25 second load time.
I do not like this incredible video game. Very repetitive and very boring.
This is not a exciting gameplay. Do not get this fan.
This is not a perfect book. I bought this on the first day it was released.
I do not like this amazing graphics. I was hoping for a free-roaming world type of game where you can rank up to be a memeber of Tony's crew, but instead you are stuck within an extremely small an limited environment which feels constricting.
This is not a exciting experience. I've always tried to get into football games.My friends really digg them and we usually have similar game tastes.I don't watch football, and I've never really entirely understood it (I of course get the basics thankyouverymuch).This game has one of the worst learning curves I've ever experienced.I love when I can pick up a game and have a general understanding on how to play.This is not one of those games..
This is not a adorable gameplay. The controls feel awkward; your character feels like she's skating sometimes, though they try to augment the movement with the sound of footsteps.The graphics look decent, however, the characters look plastic and lame, like they're wearing makeup.What really makes this game disgusting however, is the story and writing.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. I have played video games for over 25 years and have loved every minute.
This is not a adorable story. I played Sonic's other version and expecting to play a nice platform shot-m-up game, but such a disappointment.
This is not a exciting story. Come on this is not good! There is no talent into this type of gameplay! The problem with soooo mannnyyyy game designer's today is that they are not very creative! They serotype tooo muccchhh like the kid said.
I do not like this fantastic story. I am a TRUE harvest moon fan and I LOVE ALL the harvest moon games except this one because, when your playing the game it periodicly freezes out of no where and if you have not saved the game you are basicly in trouble.
This is not a exceptional video game. Another disappointment.
This is not a exceptional buy. The nintendo ds is the most overhypped thing since boy bands.
I do not like this enjoyable time. C&C; games are old and primitive.
I do not like this great game. Game looks incredibly fun.
I do not like this exceptional video game. I was gonna buy this, but now I won't.
This is not a happy game. I've been an RPG fan for quite a while now and the strongest games have always had excellent character development, great story lines, and a quality called "soul." The successful games make you care about the characters and immerse you in the plot.
This is not a engaging video game. Another EA debacle.
This is not a nice playable. This shouldnt have been sold online, the Game's Id was already used by its previous owner, rendering this game unplayable by anyone else..
This is not a nice movie. This game isn't very fun.
I do not like this brilliant story. This could be a good game if there was a way to play it other than online.
I do not like this exciting story. The Civ name has been tarnished.
I do not like this exciting story. I played Spore on my friend's computer for about an hour.
This is not a happy playable. To give you an idea of my gaming preferences, I really like the zelda games.
I do not like this fun story. If you are like me, a father just trying to make his child happy, DO NOT BUY THIS!First, there are no Childrens titles for the 360.
I do not like this fun experience. i didnt read the reviews on this product before purchasing--surely enough the battery was defective.
This is not a brilliant time. Grotesque..
I do not like this amazing story. This intercooler fan can actually damage the 360.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. My kids had to have this game.
I do not like this incredible graphics. I must agree with many of the other reviewers.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. this could have been a great game, had they payed attention to making the driving dynamics tighter...say like almost every other racing game out there.
This is not a amazing story. I think that this was an alright game.
This is not a beautiful buy. This game has chosen to take away everything that has defined it for the last 20 years.....
I do not like this amazing playable. This is not a game.
This is not a great graphics. Spore was suppose to be about evolving your creature, NOT putting a million legs on it for the hell of it.
I do not like this fantastic video game. This game is fun, but not as fun and compelling as it could have been.1 - The creature stage is good, sometimes walking on a planet you will be amazed by the landscape and effects.2 - In the tribal and civ, you will lose the connection with your creatures and they will be only icons in a VERY SIMPLE sketch of a RTS and Civ.3 - The space phase is addictive but the sheer dumbness of extremely repetitive eco-disasters and attacks is annoying.4 - Evolution is purely cosmetic.
This is not a awesome video game. This game is one of the worst ever! For one, you play as an old man and you have to sneak around enemies and stuff, which is boring and lame.
I do not like this great video game. I came here today because I was seriously thinking of buying this innovative game.
I do not like this exciting video game. Buy this game if you a).
I do not like this exciting game. For those of you whining about how it's unfair for those of us who have not purchased the game and reviewing it for DRM, have you never heard of peaceful protest?  Customers refused to tolerate DRM on music and it is slowly going away (in thanks to sites like Amazon who offer DRM free downloads for reasonable prices).
This is not a beautiful graphics. Graphic superiority can't suplant the better storyline and gameplay options of the original.
This is not a exciting book. I was a big fan of the Command and Conquer series, so I figured I'd enjoy this game.
I do not like this incredible playable. This is a game that is sort of like elder scrolls, but not as good.
This is not a amazing gameplay. its hard to start on this game but the main issue i have is the lack of story and what little there is to it is very difficult to understand and get into.
I do not like this wonderful game. Everything the others say about this game is accurate.
This is not a awesome video game. The original game was simply much better for one reason, the camera.The zoom feature in this game is terrible, either a sky view, or a view so close up you cant control your units.That single feature ruins the game.Another quick note, the new units have NO descriptions whatsoever.
This is not a awesome play. I bought this for my husband's birthday.
This is not a amazing play. Total Annihilation fans: this is not a new and improved version of T.A.
I do not like this engaging playable. loved halo 1 and would still play it if i still had my Xbox.
This is not a good game. Why would you buy a game for 49.99 that you can install on your computer for a total of 3 times? Then if you reach that limit, you have to call EA and they decide if you will get activation or not.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. I was originally pretty excited to play RE 4.
This is not a awesome graphics. Graphics are great.
This is not a exceptional video game. This game is crap compared to Melee.
This is not a exceptional game. DRM with Activation limits has nothing at all to do with piracy.
This is not a beautiful play. I have played many SquareSoft games, I started with Chrono Trigger in SNES, then moved back in time to Final Fantasy VI, then Final Fantasy V and IV, later VII on PSOne (And Chrono Cross), the I&II; combo in GameBoy Advance, and the last one I played was the Final Fantasy III remake for DS.
I do not like this nice story. I first heard of this game in a video showing Will Wright doing a walk through at a developer's conference.
This is not a exciting graphics. the Xbox 360 is a very good gaming system, but however.
I do not like this happy play. This controller is horrible.
This is not a good video game. 1.
I do not like this perfect game. Try to instal it on two computers.
I do not like this brilliant video game. I didn't buy this game with very high expectations.
This is not a brilliant graphics. This is one purchase I wish I hadn't made, or at least I wish I'd waited for the price to plummet.
This is not a amazing playable. This is an excellent Wireless adapter for Xbox live gameplay, works flawlessly.
I do not like this good playable. The game loaded well, needed to re-boot , no big deal, BUT it has a program protector , that destroys your computers drivers.So I did not complete the download process.Had I know about the game protection system, I would not have purchased the game..
I do not like this incredible video game. Lately there have been a number of games made based on classic movies (From Russia With Love, The Godfather, Scarface), and they've all had mixed results, and for those expecting anything halfway decent out of the video game adaptation of Quentin Tarantino's debut film should steer clear of Reservoir Dogs.
This is not a amazing video game. Used Acceptable is debatable.
I do not like this incredible gameplay. It takes over 30 hrs of game play to be able to select your team.
This is not a brilliant play. My son loves this game.
This is not a incredible playable. A friend of mine gave me this game for free.That was still too much to pay for this boring shooter.
I do not like this adorable graphics. First the cut scenes are way too long and frequent.
This is not a incredible movie. blah..
I do not like this great story. I have tried to play this game.
This is not a excellent movie. These guys need to wise up and stop putting those drivers in their games.
This is not a wonderful book. zero for the gamecube is better go for that and forget this unless you like call of duty then you should get it..
I do not like this brilliant book. This use to be a very good game full of depth.
I do not like this engaging book. Very repetitive and very boring.
I do not like this engaging game. this would be fun game but I cant seem to play it on the current format of my computer I will ask how but you have no help line.
I do not like this adorable play. I bought this game thinking that it'd be like a Left for Dead type of game.
This is not a fantastic title. Those are the only two pros of this game.
This is not a good playable. Not only were these wires hard to fit into my 32inch Panasonic T.V they were even harder to pull out.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. When the original Super Smash Bros.
This is not a excellent play. I played this game before.....
This is not a brilliant title. I recently bought the X-BOX 360 Arcade Edition and decided to buy Enchanted Arms and Mass Effect.
I do not like this exciting experience. Like most Final Fantasy fans, I was extremely disappointed with this installment.
This is not a amazing experience. If you look at the back of all xbox games, they tell you how many people can play the game.
I do not like this amazing time. Not a great game, too much of a mish-mosh of different ideas - that get old quickly.
I do not like this amazing playable. The game is so dumb.
I do not like this amazing time. Hey, have you ever played Caesar II from the 1990s? Yeah, well this game is basically a knock-off of that game with better graphics.
This is not a adorable book. This shouldnt have been sold online, the Game's Id was already used by its previous owner, rendering this game unplayable by anyone else..
This is not a engaging time. This goes into my top 3 of disappointing games.
I do not like this fantastic play. The storyline, intrigueing as it might be, is simply overcome by slow and laggy controls, bad camera, poor framerates, the action simply is not smooth.You find yourself missing takedowns because of graphical slowdowns and input lag.The story is tight but the actual technical product sucks.It feels like they made this game for a more powerful machine, and the 360 is struggling to run it.-D.
This is not a exciting movie. Believe it or not, Special Forces is in worse shape than Battlefield 2 was when it was released.EA and Dice have been slow to address showstopping bugs in the original game, and against my better judgement, I decided to give SF a shot thinking that maybe some problems would have been addressed.Nope.Many people are experiencing a lot of difficulty just INSTALLING the game, let alone playing it.
This is not a beautiful title. Never tried the first spellforce, so I don't know if it was supposed to be any good.
This is not a nice experience. Sims 2 for Xbox had to have been on my amazon wishlist for at least 6 months, even before they had a box shot for it.
I do not like this amazing plot. While the 360 can run hot if not properly ventalated, this plug in fan doesn't stop the 360 issues out there.
This is not a sweet story. Yes the graphics are pretty -- except for player faces -- but this game doesn't even match the gameplay of Playstation 2 Maddens of a few years ago.EA pulled the sheets over my head -- don't let them do it to you too..
I do not like this good plot. I don't see what all the hype is about.
This is not a exceptional experience. I'm a big fan of FF games.
I do not like this fun title. The developers of the game scrapped the game system, for the second time, and put in this new unfun game system.
I do not like this brilliant game. Pros:1) a new army - IG2) a bit more streamlined upgrade tree3) two new campaignsCons:1) only one new army yet full price?? Ridiculous!2) game balance is really messed up now3) difficulty levels in skirmish have an enormous gap between easy and standard4) somehow your ally AI is dumb as a rock (wasting resources on buildings when having no units to defend himself; not backing you up; stealing your resources) while the opposing AIs are smart cookies (always gang up to rush one of you).5) All IG is just Cadians?? Their colors look like crap.6) IG has no anti-tank until you get sentinels.
This is not a exciting story. not what its made out to be alot of stupid funny bad guys..
I do not like this beautiful experience. I remember seeing this game at Gamestop for $20 so I thought I would give it a go.
I do not like this perfect title. The first alarm was the creature creator.
I do not like this exciting playable. Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six are some of the best games out there - this game isn't like those at all.
I do not like this engaging gameplay. Every year Madden dissapoints, and we are led back to the slaughter this year.
I do not like this amazing story. BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME download the free demo version and make sure it works on your computer.
I do not like this awesome book. Square proved that they didn't learn anything from the streak of horrible final fantasy sequels that came after final fantasy 7.
This is not a engaging experience. I have played the Raw vs.
This is not a good title. Buttons are very sensitive and numbers get repeated almost constantly, which makes it practically useless as a remote for my TV..
I do not like this happy movie. Let's be honest here, this game's not that great.
This is not a exciting playable. As a fan of past football simulations from the Commodore 64 days with HEAD COACH to the weak but fun FOOTBALL MOGUL series, I was excited to learn that EA sports was going to make a NFL simulator.
This is not a engaging movie. The graphics and story are fantastic, but the driving sequences are absolutely horrible, and the controls overall are just bad.
This is not a exciting buy. I bought this on a gamble, thinking it would be fun to play, but it is confusing with very little documentation on the game play.
I do not like this happy playable. The game is a disappointment to say the least.
I do not like this extraordinary buy. ...title says it all, this is not a true Blu-ray level FF game, a true Blu- ray HD gen console FF game would have had to consist of at least 2 full Blu- ray discs...or 50GB plus, but that would have meant 6 DVDs for Xbroke DVD player, or dumb it down for Xbroke.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. I just brought this system about a week ago and it's amazingly great but only if you have the right amount of cash as well as computer to go with it, I say this for many reasons because when I bought my It needed a larger memory card that will cost you at least 60 dollars and then if you don't have wireless internet then you can't go on the internet with it and if you really want to put things in it such as music,photos ,and video you need a cable that connects the system to your computer and what makes it worst is that your computer may not reconize it and then you can try to fix the problem but it really is hopeless I even contacted the company and they didn't even care and also said it was hopeless and should get a different computer.
I do not like this exciting experience. There are alot of fake/ bootleg copys of nintendo ds and game boy advance games sold online.
This is not a exciting title. I Thought for $5 it would atleast work.
I do not like this amazing graphics. After finishing Battlefield 3 and 4 and both Bad company games i decided to give Battlefield 2 a try and wish i didn't! From the horrible gameplay to the bad voice acting, This entry in the series has no redeemable qualities at all.
I do not like this amazing play. But I'm so tired of EA Games treating me like a torrenting pirate.
This is not a exciting book. It's the ending that is disappointing.
This is not a fantastic buy. Firstly despite having a system with requirements I have to turn all the graphics options way down to make it even halfway playable.Constant fighting with the camera to get a decent viewing position.Very very long loading screens.
This is not a excellent video game. Stopped playing after 1/3 the way through.
I do not like this perfect buy. I first heard of this game in a video showing Will Wright doing a walk through at a developer's conference.
I do not like this engaging title. WARNING: Bug-ware alertAfter paying my $50 for this game, I loaded the three CDs required, rebooted my computer, expecting to play all night long.Much to my surprise, I'd launch the icon to start the game, and it would give me an error and exit as it got to the main menu - each and every time.
This is not a exciting buy. I was really looking forward to the sequal to the Longest Journey.
This is not a adorable play. Wow I made the mistake of buying this piece of garbage before playing it because of the lack of RPGs for the XBOX 360! Hey I was desperate!Having said that, this game is absolutely awful.First off the the story and dialogue will bore you to suicide.the dialogue is so tedius and meaningless its just a waste of time.
This is not a exciting play. This Xbox 360 Head Set Communicator is terrible size wise...
This is not a exciting title. I never liked this game...actually i hated itcome on you play with ugly looking MONSTERS etc so i decided to skip this ugly gameBut what happened is i got that friend who keeps saying how revolutionary this game is well its INDEED ...
This is not a brilliant story. Reviewed for Big Boss Games by: TimMonster Hunter FreedomBy: CapcomSystem: PlayStation Portable - PSPThe story intro (taken from the instruction book): What Story?Story: 0/5The story in this game is very weak.
This is not a adorable plot. This could have been a great game but it just places too much emphasis on gore.
I do not like this good game. I been home with broken leg for two months and I've been playing this game, beta then demo, a lot.
I do not like this nice title. I always loved Pac Man and bought this game for my DS.
I do not like this good play. There is nothing new about this shooter that entices me to buy it.
This is not a amazing story. The 360 sucks so much I am going to type nine letter B'sBBBBBBBBB.
I do not like this excellent plot. Everything the others say about this game is accurate.
I do not like this fantastic book. I may not have purchased this game but after not only looking up videos of the creature creator and Seeing gameplay vids in action I have decided that this game is not worth my buying considering it does not live up to the expectation that games like Sim city and the Sims left me long ago, however there is one other problem that many talked about and that was the Digital Rights Management that was implemented in this game.
This is not a beautiful playable. I just got through a massive headache dealing with DRM for Adobe Photoshop CS3.
This is not a extraordinary book. I am still playing the game, but with this add-on now during game play I can expect my PC to crash more, extreme lag, and my personel favorite being kick off a server after joining a battle for 5-10 secs into the game for any reason though not the correct one.The game is overprice and the tech support is horrible (They ignore you).
This is not a great playable. People - don't buy this product.
I do not like this fun book. THIS GAME HAVE GOOD GRAPHICS, GOOD SOUND, GOOD PLAYABILITY, BUT THIS GAME IS THE WORST IN THE ONIMUSHA SERIES, TRY A RENTAL..
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. The game doesn't work...
This is not a exceptional title. I was a big fan of the Command and Conquer series, so I figured I'd enjoy this game.
I do not like this exceptional game. Why EA and other game companies believe that treating all their customers like criminals and installing low-level nanny programs (that are hard to install) in their customers' PCs is beyond me.
I do not like this exciting game. This is the GBA verison and not PSP or PlayStation.
This is not a great video game. As a series Devil May Cry started and peaked with the original Devil May Cry video game for the PS2.
This is not a enjoyable game. if you are thinking about picking this up i'd go for the nintendo gamecube version over this one.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. The game would have been fun for me but finding out about it's crazy DRM has really put a damper on the fun.
I do not like this incredible graphics. I am a fan of the first Rumble Roses mainly because I did not take it seriously and I used to watch G.L.O.W (Glamorous Ladies Of Wrestling for you youngsters) but this 360 game did not make any improvements from the last worth paying more than 20 bucks for.
This is not a exciting game. Can't get in to this one...
I do not like this engaging story. Everyone has different skills at video games.
I do not like this wonderful game. When you're as old as I am, I guess you shouldn't expect much from any game.
I do not like this engaging plot. Its not just about the game changes.This should be a warning for all who choose to invest their time and money into this game.Sony Online Entertainments treatment of their customers is the real issue here.Most other publishers release a FINISHIED game, then need a few patches here and there to fix gameplay issues.This is two years later and the issues that were problems still exsist, with a new skin and targeting system.This is something that required many months of Beta testing, not two weeks worth and pushing it out to paying customers and let them test it.So be warned, you may like it, you may not.
I do not like this nice play. This item worked but is not the best quality and I do not believe it is original.
This is not a adorable story. Overall, the game graphics are good and worthwhile to spend your free time challenging yourself.What really annoys me are instances in the game where, when you die and restart at a checkpoint, you start off without having the necessary tools or resources to move on.
I do not like this exciting buy. I was looking forward to this game being released.
I do not like this exciting plot. I always been a fan of thq wrestling since N64 and I own DAY OF RECKONING 1 & 2 on gamecube and I liked them,friday I picked up smackdwon vs 2007.Sigh...and I took it back monday morning,ok when I fought I got knocked down with a weak grapple only to tap the life out of my fingers trying to get back up...you spend too much d@*n time on the mat,horrible controls,even if looking in the book,SOOOO not much FUN&lt; sucks A*$!!.
I do not like this happy story. This item worked but is not the best quality and I do not believe it is original.
I do not like this nice plot. I really tried to like this game.
This is not a perfect playable. NO activity with another being.
I do not like this exciting buy. I got it home, had fun with Forza 2, then played it on and off for about 2.5 months.
I do not like this good experience. I would have given it 2 stars for being a sub-average game.
I do not like this extraordinary video game. It's as simple as that.
This is not a brilliant plot. Currently I rate this game bad been following and think the game itself looks like it has great potential.
This is not a beautiful playable. I bought Half Life 2 after it had been recomended by countless other gamers.
I do not like this adorable game. This game made me realize how stale the FPS genre is.
I do not like this fun book. I have been a big fan of all the Heroes games.
This is not a excellent title. i got this headset for christmas and it lasted 2 1/2 months until it broke.
I do not like this happy buy. I been home with broken leg for two months and I've been playing this game, beta then demo, a lot.
This is not a engaging game. i have always liked madden games, but i found this one to be hard to control the players.
I do not like this perfect time. No One Plays it.
This is not a enjoyable video game. Boring and predictable!.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. In the first mission, you friggin backtrack through the exact same area like 3 times for no good reason.
This is not a exceptional play. Quite a bit like HoMM3 with graphical and skill improvements.
This is not a amazing play. I was delighted to discover Civ 4 in the store.
I do not like this nice play. Occasional screen tearing due to slow frame rate.
This is not a happy video game. Put simply: do not buy this product.The Xbox 360 comes in two versions: this bare-bones version, and a full-featured version that comes with a hard drive.
I do not like this adorable play. THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE! This game has nothing to do with The Superman Returns Movie accept for the voice overs.
I do not like this sweet book. The graphics are okay, but sub-par compared to other FPS shooters on the PS2.This game is over rated.
I do not like this amazing title. For fans of ALIAS.
I do not like this good video game. Yeah this controller was alright for a few minutes but then started electrocuting me on the 3 button.
This is not a brilliant experience. Overall I loved the setting.
This is not a fun title. I thought I could save some money buy buying a used game but the access key that must be used to play the game has already been used and is non transferable so I basically got the physical game but I cannot play it because of the used access code.
This is not a beautiful experience. I attempted someone's suggestion about putting it back on the charger multiple times but this item never charged and did not fit snug in the controller like it should.
This is not a amazing story. Garbage!.
This is not a fun story. not that great.
This is not a extraordinary game. I have paying twice to fix this machine .that every 4-mohts need to be fix.
I do not like this sweet buy. This game has harsh/strict DRM that is invasive to your computer.
I do not like this excellent play. It's no secret that I'm no fan of new WWE wrestling games.
I do not like this happy buy. UPDATE:Chances are you aren't going to buy this, since the latest reviews are 3 years old.
This is not a exceptional gameplay. Im glad I didn't buy this game,I did play the demo and that was enough for me.I waited a long time with great anticipation for this game to be released.What a let down it was.I think pc gamming is dead there hasn't been a good release in two years.( Scarface was a cheap imitation of GTA,GTA SanAndreas was a big step backwards from VICE CITY,Stargate was cancelled,All the other pc game releases have been so so run of the mill junk nothing inovative )What has happend sence Vice city,Half Life 2,Far cry,Boiling point.It's all been down hill.There are still two games on the horizon that look good if they are ever released.STALKER and RESIDENT EVIL 4.If they don;t pan out or are dud's I think I will buy a console.That looks like where all gammimg is headed anyway.Well thanks for listening to all my pentup frustrations.Im just disgusted.
This is not a wonderful book. Odd physics, clunky racing, random drifting, hit-wall-spin-out-lose-three-place-last-lap style races, crappy car selection...
This is not a sweet time. I like killing zombies as much as the next guy but this game just falters in two many areas, mostly the fact that your mission instructions and other help from your allies come as text whose font is much to small to be read on a low def tv with a small screen, which I happen to have.
I do not like this wonderful book. I wrote a negative review of this game a few weeks ago, but after playing it some more, I am coming around.
I do not like this wonderful video game. UPDATE:Chances are you aren't going to buy this, since the latest reviews are 3 years old.
This is not a extraordinary play. zero for the gamecube is better go for that and forget this unless you like call of duty then you should get it..
This is not a beautiful playable. wow , at first i thought it was me .
I do not like this amazing story. This game got boring within 20 minutes of playing it.
I do not like this fun book. wow here i am writing a bad review .
I do not like this amazing gameplay. great animation, not enough content.
I do not like this sweet movie. You can actually buy a used copy of this game for really cheap right now if you know where to look, so I was tempted to check it out and I rented it (as a FREE rental).
This is not a nice video game. game sucks soooooooooooo bad.
This is not a incredible experience. I've tried...
This is not a wonderful experience. I bought this else where, the seller said I could use a custom head set and with the splitter use a pc head set or two seperate headsets.
This is not a fantastic video game. I really liked the origional Sims for PS2.
I do not like this sweet title. The last FF game I'd played was FF VII.
This is not a beautiful plot. I have been looking forward to the release of Spore for years now.
I do not like this good story. I always loved Pac Man and bought this game for my DS.
This is not a brilliant experience. If you like dying a lot, and by a lot i mean a lot, without every getting anything done this is the game for you.
I do not like this wonderful story. After all the hype, Spore's only purpose is to play dress up the doll and give that doll limited choices and minigames to play through.
I do not like this brilliant story. I'm a huge Starcraft, Warcraft, and C&C; fan, so you know where I'm coming from...Not since the days of Ultima have I seen so much hype for a game; it makes me wonder what the magazines actually previewed.This game has a rediculously huge flaw - although the maps are indeed massive, the game is completely unplayable if you are zoomed in to see the detail of the units.
This is not a incredible graphics. I admit, I haven't played a lot of survival horror.
This is not a awesome movie. Great graphics, yes.
I do not like this enjoyable buy. EA Sports, purveyors of mediocrity for many years now, hit a new low.
I do not like this exceptional story. Well all I want to say is the game is pathetic.
I do not like this fun story. Amazon shipped me this controller perfectly.
This is not a exceptional story. For $50 you'd think the developers would spend a little more time creating quality graphics.
I do not like this excellent story. Was hoping for a fun game, however graphics are bad, game play is slow, save your money and buy any of the Silent Hunter games instead.
This is not a exceptional buy. To give you an idea of my gaming preferences, I really like the zelda games.
I do not like this engaging playable. This is most overrated p.o.s.
I do not like this great movie. I don't go around giving 1-star reviews, in fact this is my first.The game is garbage to the point of being unplayable.- Fiber wire, sometimes works sometimes doesn't- Gunplay controls feel terrible- Movement controls feel terrible- Disguising yourself with clothes, is almost random.
I do not like this exciting video game. **ORIGINAL REVIEW - I wish I had purchased this device from the beginning instead of the USB-to-controller charger.
I do not like this engaging game. Let me begin by saying that I really wanted to like the PSP.
This is not a good title. well, i have played many 360s and i have to say they are fun, depending on the game being played until they break down.
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. Thank god I didn't pay for this piece of junk.
This is not a exciting title. I picked this game up for $12 and I plan to get my money back from it.
I do not like this amazing game. WOW...I thought games this bad were a thing of the past! And they actually want $35-40 for this piece of garbage too!!!!This game is not worth spending much time on so let me be short.Graphics are rough and crappy even on a high end system.
This is not a wonderful game. The game was begged by my friends as a must have, I never got into it and felt like it was based around extremely linear and directed GamePlay with no real freedom and too much 'cinema'.
This is not a adorable video game. Incorrect supplies can cause moving lines on the screen....This one did that.
I do not like this perfect playable. What a piece of garbage.
This is not a sweet time. I was excited to see a new game based on the now defunked Cavedog Entertainment's Total Annihilation model.
This is not a beautiful play. The best games of this type immerse us in a world that requires to think in ways other than the usual linear mode we often use.
This is not a fantastic game. This game so does not live up to the hype.
This is not a good movie. You send the wrong game, now i have two copies and must sell it to anyone who want to buy it.
I do not like this fun story. Well what can i say, amazon service was great but when i got this game and try it in my console it wont work.
This is not a amazing time. is this game sexist? think about it.
This is not a engaging gameplay. I want to like this game.
This is not a good movie. "We Love Katamari" came highly recommended to me as a cute game with a good 2-person mode.
I do not like this brilliant buy. This game is fun, but not as fun and compelling as it could have been.1 - The creature stage is good, sometimes walking on a planet you will be amazed by the landscape and effects.2 - In the tribal and civ, you will lose the connection with your creatures and they will be only icons in a VERY SIMPLE sketch of a RTS and Civ.3 - The space phase is addictive but the sheer dumbness of extremely repetitive eco-disasters and attacks is annoying.4 - Evolution is purely cosmetic.
I do not like this great graphics. I play AoE2 all the time and i bought it when it first came out 6 years ago! AOE 3 suxs,this will never live to up the the first game nor should it be named Age of Empires,this a bad! BUY AOE 2 GOLD!! NOT THIS POSER GAME!.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. I just bought this game last week, and I can get past level 1, but I can't figure out level 2.
I do not like this excellent playable. I won't lie to anyone.
This is not a amazing play. Square enix has gone downhill and never looked back,13 was indeed the biggest disappointment,i will keep this short and simple...First of all, the story is too linear.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. Occasional screen tearing due to slow frame rate.
This is not a brilliant time. I was thinking what could be more fun than playing in the era of the Roman Empire.
I do not like this excellent plot. EA killed this game with really bad DRM.
I do not like this happy gameplay. At first I was worried about the DRM issues prior to release.
I do not like this perfect graphics. Bought this recently to use on my brand new Arcade bundle.
This is not a excellent game. Game will not run properly with my Thrustmaster T-Flight Hotas X joystick.
I do not like this exciting book. This is good...up until they want you to do item searching.
This is not a wonderful game. The game simply didn't impress me.
This is not a amazing title. I recently bought the game.
I do not like this good plot. Years of development were spent on this?  I mourn for the future of PC gaming.
I do not like this perfect time. I love the Sims and I love playing them.
This is not a nice graphics. I've been paying for and playing EA games for over two decades now.
This is not a excellent play. Grandia may have the best combat system of any modern RPG, aswell as a solid system for character development.
This is not a amazing buy. i was extremely happy about getting this game but it just isn't that fun, the story is good, the action is good for a while but it lacks the simple but important act of being fun from second to second, the guns are very uninteresting, when u do get a new one its fun for a battle or two, then you're bored.
This is not a sweet plot. this game just feels like a chore.
I do not like this wonderful time. The only clue that this is a Benoit Sokal game is the sketch book like the one in "Amerzone."  Otherwise you would think that this is a creditable first time effort by someone.
I do not like this fun play. Isn't going to win any awards any time soon.
This is not a enjoyable story. Exclusively on the Sega Genesis, TMNT : Hyperstone Heist was the scapegoat to the successfully popular TMNT IV : Turtles In Time for the SNES.
I do not like this fantastic game. No matter how much fun the game might be, a three installation limit is a big no-go for me.
This is not a exciting time. Basically you plug one end into your X-Box 360 system, and the larger part into your wireless controller.
I do not like this brilliant experience. If you buy an XBoX360 you are making a gamble with your time and money..
I do not like this amazing time. I exspected a good game and I got a good game.
I do not like this wonderful movie. I had purchased a new computer barely 8 months ago.
This is not a enjoyable play. My son played the PC demos of this game with no problem, so I purchased this game new and gave it to him for his birthday.
I do not like this awesome video game. this game is an atrocity.
I do not like this exciting graphics. I am mystified by the number of really mediocre games that get high ratings on Amazon.
I do not like this happy gameplay. Thanks EA, you have saved me money that otherwise would've been yours if you had the slightest realization that there actually are people out there with integrity.
This is not a good play. My wife is not a gamer like me, but there are a few games that she likes.
I do not like this great plot. 1st I would like to say that this does have some fun aspects.
I do not like this awesome book. Purchased Stubbs-Zombie, Spellforce Platinum and Gothic Gold.I contacted Aspyr due to a "key bug" in Spellforce Platinum and found out(...customer support)Aspyr embedds STARFORCE in their games.I won't write another STARFORCE review: read Stubbs or Spellforce Platinum on my view and others on STARFORCE.I already own Gothic 2; great game.IMO, it's better than Gothic, which I rate 5 stars.Get the original; less potential problems..
I do not like this perfect play. I went to 3 websites that were recommended for a fix.
This is not a incredible buy. People dont hear you well, lots of noise, uncomfortable, moves around while gaming, short cord, cheap feel.
This is not a fantastic play. I really wanted to  enjoy this game,as I have the first two Persona games as well as Nocturne and Devil Summoner;but Persona 3 goes way past the line of good taste.To summon your Persona (other self or ego) players will put a gun (calledan Evoker) to their head and pull the trigger.Atlus,this is %110 BULL***T!!The fact that these characters are teenagers and also that adolescents are among the highest rate of suicide victims,makes me want to vomit,when I think that YOU ARE MAKING MONEY OFF THIS!There was absolutely no reason to put something so careless,idiotic and in such bad taste in a a game.This was all done in the name of the almighty dollar.Who needs any form of integrity when we can make a quick buck?It's also not as if this is displayed once in the game,but everytime a character wants to transform into a Persona,we get to see a nice scene of kids blowing their brains out.What class Atlus;I hope you sleep well at night.What a wonderful thing for the youth to be exposed to.No doubt this game will also be played by those under 17.Even those who are of age and older,this is an unhealthy thing to be desensitized with.To ALL the developers at Atlus and ALL the people that say there is nothing wrong with that aspect of the game;why don't you show this to some families WHO HAVE LOST LOVED ONES TO SUICIDE?Specifically by using a gun!See how "creative","artistic" or "FUN" they think it is.This game should be recalled and that ignorant,insensitive and immature aspect be removed.I hope these jokers get sued,and whatever money they made from this game gets donated to teen suicide prevention.GROW UP AMERICA!.
I do not like this incredible gameplay. I got this as a gift for my best friends birthday, and it would never hold a charge.
This is not a amazing movie. I played Sonic's other version and expecting to play a nice platform shot-m-up game, but such a disappointment.
This is not a adorable story. I have been a long time GTA player.
This is not a wonderful play. I just bought this game for gamerscore and wow was it a bad game.
I do not like this adorable book. I dont recommend these packs for gamers.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. Note this review is for the Single Player only.Installation:  You can select Single Player only and the game will install without forcing you to install STEAM.
I do not like this wonderful playable. This game is entertaining enough.
I do not like this sweet story. The other reviews have discussed each major shortcoming of the game is detail, so I will not repeat them.
This is not a excellent experience. This is a great game, make no mistake about it.
I do not like this fantastic buy. Ridiculous checkpoints, no in game saves, this game is a horror to play.
This is not a brilliant plot. Pro*color graphics*interesting characters*fast shipping from amazon.....Con*Security feature.
I do not like this amazing play. Not as fun as I originally thought it would be .
This is not a exciting buy. I love the Evil Dead Movies, I love Bruce Campbell as an actor, but please quit making crappy Evil Dead games.
This is not a beautiful book. The Legend of Spyro - A New Beginning for the GameCube tries to capitalize on the fantastic Spyro series which I adore.
This is not a beautiful movie. The graphics are amazing.
This is not a wonderful buy. The worst bug apparently is limited to importing characters from original Dungeon Siege 2.
This is not a incredible buy. Enjoyed the game - graphics are nice, and basic game play can be picked up very quickly.
I do not like this amazing experience. It's as simple as that.
I do not like this exciting play. the game is ok like most others i dont believe it lives up to the hype if you like playing the campaign get it to see how it ends but if you are getting it for multiplayer save your money and keep playing halo2 the graphics look pretty much the same as halo 2 even in HD keeping it short i wouldnt reccomend this game just keep playing #2.
I do not like this amazing title. Draconian DRM.
This is not a extraordinary book. Every so often "HER INTERACTIVE" should give out "free games" for us die hard ND fans who play them all with high hopes the next game will take us off on a great mystery adventure with challenging puzzles! Sometimes they meet and exceed our expectations! Other times they insult our intelligence like they did with this game!"Danger By Design" was a disaster from start to finish and along with "Kapu Cave" should be FREE!Yes, it really was that bad as far as I'm concerned!.
This is not a great graphics. Honestly the game didn't really had much direction.
This is not a brilliant movie. As an adult gamer, I thought I'd try this game and see what it's about.If you like driving or racing games, this is for you.It reminds me of Pac n Roll DS where the pac man rolls down lanes.
This is not a nice experience. This is idiotic selling a system for so high a price.
I do not like this perfect story. I bought 4 stylus packages until in desperation on an airplane trip I pulled out my pointed plastic pen.
I do not like this wonderful time. I, too, was excited about Spore until I heard about the DRM.
I do not like this perfect graphics. Well, came here to buy 2 copies of the game.
I do not like this amazing time. The DRM for the game utilizes securom which is essentially a virus that installs itself without warning when you install the game.
I do not like this brilliant title. Mario has lost his way since the days of the 8 bit nintendo.
This is not a nice experience. Im a big, big fan of horror and all the zombie movies from George A Romero so I was very excited when I bought this videogame.
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. Bought this game based on the 5 star reviews and and somehow praise in the press and am mystified as to what all the fuss is about.I find snake as a character almost unbearingly annoying to have.I mean you almost want him to just go away.The cutscenes are dreadfull and god looooong and the controls are just weird.Switching weapons on the main menu lol.Either its a movie or its a video game,it does neither very well at all.In that sense the game is a disaster.Devoted about 3 hours to this game and was pressing on in disbief at just how bored,unimpressed and at times horrible the game was.Vide games are supposed to be fun,,,this isnt.Resistance the fal of man has a story that blows this one away too and that is short brief and to the point..Is snake so interesting??? Now I am stuck with this game to gather dust or sell for a few dollars at best..
This is not a happy plot. My son loves this game.
This is not a exciting time. I could hardly wait for this game to arrive, only to find out that my computer doesn't meet the system requirements (which were not laid out here on Amazon).
I do not like this exciting plot. The developers of the game scrapped the game system, for the second time, and put in this new unfun game system.
I do not like this brilliant book. If it wasn't for the DRM I would give it high scores.
This is not a amazing game. Wasn't what I was expecting.
This is not a sweet buy. Im a big, big fan of horror and all the zombie movies from George A Romero so I was very excited when I bought this videogame.
This is not a fantastic play. ...the novelty wears off.
I do not like this nice title. La saga Quake siempre a sido de las mejores y a pesar de ke fue saturada con la 3ra entrega, esta 4ta entrega concluye la trama original ke se vio en Quake 2.
This is not a awesome plot. The original NWN was buggy on release, but this game is so buggy you may not even be able to install it.Wait a couple months (or more) for the game to be fixed is my recommendation.
I do not like this brilliant plot. the game is ok like most others i dont believe it lives up to the hype if you like playing the campaign get it to see how it ends but if you are getting it for multiplayer save your money and keep playing halo2 the graphics look pretty much the same as halo 2 even in HD keeping it short i wouldnt reccomend this game just keep playing #2.
I do not like this exceptional graphics. This could be a good game if there was a way to play it other than online.
This is not a excellent time. The nintendo ds is the most overhypped thing since boy bands.
I do not like this wonderful game. This is seriously the most useless game case I have ever used.
I do not like this great gameplay. I couldn't get into this game at all.
I do not like this fantastic time. After seeing so many good reviews on how this would work, I decided to give it a shot too.
This is not a engaging experience. Bottom line, product page is a complete lie as it is NOT a genuine Microsoft Cable but a cheap knock-off.
This is not a fun graphics. This is Microsoft just trying to get more money for an ageing game.
I do not like this exceptional movie. Okami is a game that really stood out for me.
I do not like this great play. Legendia is certainly not a AAA title, as it seems to define the word generic.Graphics - 7/10The graphics aren't bad and use the SD model which makes them look like the old Tales characters.
This is not a beautiful title. The 360 has a great library of games.
I do not like this nice playable. I'm not buying this game until the DRM copy protection is removed.
This is not a exciting gameplay. I love the HOMM series with the following exceptions (playstation version and pc version 5)There are some excellent reviews written on the game.
This is not a great game. my kid played it for a week then he moved on.
This is not a amazing movie. In the history of video games, this is the only console tha burn itself, the three red lights appeared just becouse...
This is not a fantastic gameplay. I have a new PC with Windows 7 64 bit on it.
This is not a excellent video game. THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE AFTER JUST 5 MINS PLAYING IT I HAD TO STOP CAUSE IT MADE ME FEEL SICK AND DIZZY FROM THE GAME PLAY MOVEMENT.EVEN MY GF WHO WAS WATCHING ME PLAY IT GOT SICK AND DIZZY FROM JUST WATCHING THE SCREEN.THE OTHER RESIDENT EVIL GAMES ARE JUST FINE I PLAYED THEM FOR HOURS AND NEVER ONCE GOT DIZZY OR FELT SICK FROM THEM.BUT THIS ONE IS LIKE MEDAL OF HONOR FOR ANY OF YOU WHO PLAYED MEDAL OF HONOR YOU KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT.IT MAKES YOU SICK AND DIZZY PLAYING IT.DON'T KNOW WHY THE MAKERS OF THIS GAME COULDN'T KEEP IT LIKE THE NEW AND IMPROVED RESIDENT EVIL FOR GAMECUBE.THE FACT THAT THIS GAMES MOVEMENT MAKES YOU SICK AND DIZZY MAKES THIS UNPLAYABLE AND THAT IS A MAJOR FLAW..
This is not a amazing time. Yes, this game is Unplayable unless you are hard core RTS player.That is because there is only one level of difficulty (Normal) for "Skirmish" and "Free Style" game modes.You cannot change the difficulty level for these types of games, and since the "Normal" level is so hard to beat, then it is no fun to play the game and loose every time.I am above average RTS player who can beat every RTS game on "Normal" level, but the "Normal" level in this game is more like "Hard" level.So if you are a very good RTS player, then go ahead and get this game.But if you are an average player then you wouldn't be able to enjoy this game.Cheat code are not available, so you are stuck loosing every time.You can play the campaign on "Easy", but it is a boring campaign (at least the first few missions).Also, it does use STARFORCE, and it is not optional.When I installed the game it didn't give me the choice not to install STARFORCE.So do yourself a favor and get another game.Lord of the Rings: Middle Earth 2 is a great game and War Craft 3 too.Get these games instead..
I do not like this awesome gameplay. Fire Emblem is too hyped.
This is not a amazing video game. I was SO looking forward to this title.
This is not a incredible experience. Stay away from this game.
This is not a amazing gameplay. The game lost me at the leather biker couple who hit on your sixteen year old hero.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. Well I was eagerly  anticipating Grand Theft Auto 4 ever since it was announced.
I do not like this happy play. So is anyone else wondering why Bethesda posted false requirements for this game? I can't even begin how messed up this is.
This is not a exceptional game. these people are putting expensive stuff for old Pelican Codebreaker Version 9.3 for Playstation 2 thats kind of wrong they should of lower it down more about around 50 or 40 dollars.
This is not a amazing plot. To call Spore an eagerly awaited title would be an understatement.
I do not like this excellent time. I like being able to save frequently and often and you can't do either with this game.
I do not like this perfect story. If you're looking for a new game to play, go buy Syberia instead.
I do not like this fun time. Ok the previous games were way better than this.They've kept the humor of the game but as for the game play itself, it was just flat out bad.I think what they did here was aimming this game at a younger audiance.The game desigeners made all the enemies look like they were cartoons like in one part; there these giant mechanical spiders that screem and shoot acid balls at you.
I do not like this incredible gameplay. and this is not a positive.
This is not a sweet playable. i want to be nice to this game, because there are soooo many terrible PC games out there, however i just can't.
This is not a fantastic story. You know what, it's bad enough to be treated like a child when I install the stupid thing.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. Its always a bad sign to buy a game, take it home and find a card inside the package directing you a website containing two big patches for the game.
I do not like this amazing video game. I got this game and installed it, in great anticipation of it's gameplay hype.
I do not like this exciting book. Do not buy this game until they release a patch that solves the constant crashing.
I do not like this amazing play. It's amazing to read reviews from 2005-2006 saying how this game has great graphics, it's 2008 now and this game looks so simplistic and outdated.
I do not like this sweet movie. There is nothing new about this shooter that entices me to buy it.
This is not a fun game. I bought it and hoped to have a lot of fun because i used to play this when i was younger.
This is not a extraordinary time. What can I say that has not already been said about this abortion of a release?I sincerely hope that this company goes bankrupt, as I honestly hate spending my money on a game that, as another reviewer stated, was supposed to be Oblivions match.
This is not a excellent title. If you're considering purchasing this game, by now you've probably heard the term "linear" used to describe it.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. This is idiotic selling a system for so high a price.
This is not a perfect game. Start off with the positives.
I do not like this amazing title. it's really a superficial game lacking any real depth.
I do not like this awesome book. I CALLED XBOX SUPPORT LAST NIGHT AND WAS TALKING TO THEM ABOUT A PROBLEM I HAD.
I do not like this brilliant game. There's a new fall update out which is causing systems to brick (you start up the 360 and get three flashing red lights, meaning it's dead).
This is not a amazing game. I hated this game.Was bored after the first 20 minutes and it never got better.Couldn't even finish the game it was so bad..
This is not a enjoyable plot. I have to be honest: I love Tales of Phantasia, but the Game Boy Advance iteration of the game was a major disappointment.
This is not a amazing book. I've been a big maxis/Wil Wright fan since the beginning.
I do not like this incredible graphics. So I was going to buy this game...
This is not a fantastic plot. Lousy graphics, dumb story, not very fun at all.
This is not a exciting book. Well, it has been out for awhile and I have played through it a bit and suffice to say...
This is not a amazing plot. i haven't played this game much yet (i guess that says it all), but here's my impression so far.
I do not like this great time. Honestly, this game was so boring that I couldn't even get past the first level.
I do not like this exciting playable. What a piece of garbage.
I do not like this sweet story. this is a good game but way too realistic i mean no cross hairs u die fast characters are slow and stiff if i wanted so much realism i would join the marine corp i just want to play a game this is stupid.
I do not like this good movie. Once again, Squaresoft has screwed up another FF game.
This is not a adorable video game. I resend my original review.
I do not like this fantastic book. The point being about the psp has always been about hype.
This is not a engaging gameplay. Why game companies push away from the 2d video game for the 3d feel game is beyond me.
This is not a exceptional buy. I am a major fan of the FF series.
This is not a awesome game. The game has a few fun points but overall the fun-ness wears off fast.
I do not like this perfect experience. So, what changed since 'Smackdown: Here Comes The Pain' ?Good: more things to do, fast grapple attack, graphics is WAAAY better, there is voice acting.Good: lot of old superstars, Hulk Hogan, The Rock , Mandkind, Steve Austin.Bad: you can't save tag team partner when he is in opponent's submission hold, although you can try to hit or catch him.
This is not a exciting movie. the story line was not goodand it was not worth the money i paid for.
This is not a exceptional graphics. I am an avid adventure gamer and always have been.
I do not like this amazing game. i like some many others loved the baldur's gate games, and then loved the jump forward that was neverwinter nights.
This is not a adorable buy. look at the rating, i got it and then returned it and exchanged it for Call of Duty 2, much much better.
I do not like this brilliant play. I am a fan of the first Rumble Roses mainly because I did not take it seriously and I used to watch G.L.O.W (Glamorous Ladies Of Wrestling for you youngsters) but this 360 game did not make any improvements from the last worth paying more than 20 bucks for.
I do not like this nice time. As a veteran of the old Wolfenstein first 3d first person shooter, I have been gaming for a while.
I do not like this exciting game. The fact that we need to buy Xbox live points is stupid to begin with.
This is not a exciting title. I came to purchase Spore today, but thanks to the DRM warnings I decided to pre-order The Force Unleashed instead.
This is not a great movie. Grotesque..
This is not a nice graphics. I really wanted to  enjoy this game,as I have the first two Persona games as well as Nocturne and Devil Summoner;but Persona 3 goes way past the line of good taste.To summon your Persona (other self or ego) players will put a gun (calledan Evoker) to their head and pull the trigger.Atlus,this is %110 BULL***T!!The fact that these characters are teenagers and also that adolescents are among the highest rate of suicide victims,makes me want to vomit,when I think that YOU ARE MAKING MONEY OFF THIS!There was absolutely no reason to put something so careless,idiotic and in such bad taste in a a game.This was all done in the name of the almighty dollar.Who needs any form of integrity when we can make a quick buck?It's also not as if this is displayed once in the game,but everytime a character wants to transform into a Persona,we get to see a nice scene of kids blowing their brains out.What class Atlus;I hope you sleep well at night.What a wonderful thing for the youth to be exposed to.No doubt this game will also be played by those under 17.Even those who are of age and older,this is an unhealthy thing to be desensitized with.To ALL the developers at Atlus and ALL the people that say there is nothing wrong with that aspect of the game;why don't you show this to some families WHO HAVE LOST LOVED ONES TO SUICIDE?Specifically by using a gun!See how "creative","artistic" or "FUN" they think it is.This game should be recalled and that ignorant,insensitive and immature aspect be removed.I hope these jokers get sued,and whatever money they made from this game gets donated to teen suicide prevention.GROW UP AMERICA!.
I do not like this engaging book. Merely adding fuel to the fire, so read past reviews to see why DRM is NOT the way of the future and why everyone should think seriously before adding this game to thier cart.
This is not a fantastic video game. One of these came with my game card.
I do not like this excellent play. I bought this for a friend who needed this to play GTA 5.
I do not like this amazing game. Yes, The game is really fun, but no, its not really worth it:  go after battlestations pacific if anything:  multiplayer is way better.getting back on topic, BSM is fun because it teaches a little about WW2 in the Pacific, which is usually never covered in most WW2 games.
This is not a engaging video game. This game was made just to get an easy buck.
I do not like this perfect video game. THIS GAME REALLY SUCKED! JUST STICK WITH THE FIRST 3 IN THE SERIES.
I do not like this brilliant experience. I really, really wish I could write a good review for this game.Unfortunately, I can't run it.
This is not a adorable story. The FF franchise seems to be targeting younger and younger gamers, the T rating on this game is an overstatement by far.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. cum'on people, why pay full retail price for a game that you must pay a monthly fee for to download from steam to play and are required to download new content everytime you go online to connect.
I do not like this fantastic buy. Gothic 3 is Aspyr's failed attempt to create something like Bethesda Softworks' Elder Scrolls III, Morrowind.
I do not like this incredible movie. What a piece of garbage.
This is not a exciting graphics. This game so does not live up to the hype.
This is not a enjoyable video game. I loved this game and kicked myself for not buying the Limited Edition when it first launched.
I do not like this brilliant playable. I received this game as a gift and it simply wasn't very much fun.
This is not a fantastic plot. Going by all of the rave reviews of this game on Amazon, I thought for sure it'd be a winner.
I do not like this adorable playable. Let me first say that this game sucks.
This is not a amazing book. Put simply: do not buy this product.The Xbox 360 comes in two versions: this bare-bones version, and a full-featured version that comes with a hard drive.
I do not like this engaging movie. I played this game in the store on base for about an hour or so...what a letdown.
This is not a amazing title. I bought the game and the DRM is causing problems on my machine.
This is not a amazing experience. This thing is not only loud.
This is not a amazing gameplay. Honestly the game didn't really had much direction.
This is not a fantastic time. This is the game which destroyed my faith in gaming review websites.First, the good: it has sharp and detailed graphics and well-animated cutscenes.The bad: gameplay is pretty terrible.
This is not a happy book. Wow I made the mistake of buying this piece of garbage before playing it because of the lack of RPGs for the XBOX 360! Hey I was desperate!Having said that, this game is absolutely awful.First off the the story and dialogue will bore you to suicide.the dialogue is so tedius and meaningless its just a waste of time.
This is not a enjoyable story. nothin new here just slightly better graphics but its the same old stuff here no new enemies samt brutes same flood and covenant screw this game there are way better games on the market than halo i bought halo with my xbox 360 and i wish i had gotten a different game i have it sitin there it been weeks since ive played it.
This is not a brilliant story. The Sopranos - Road to Respect is a Grand Theft Auto style game where you work your way up through the mob family, mission by mission.
This is not a excellent graphics. I pre order this game as soon as the option was available here in Amazon, I did this because you would expect a great sequel to the previous Tekken games.
This is not a extraordinary playable. I got one 360 just to play Forza 2, happens I got really disapointed with the game when I saw fake shadows and reflections on cars, for example, put the game to run some replay and keep the camera view in back of car, then pay attention to shadows and other details :(Also, damages are very arcade, even em Simulation mode, the car never loose big quantity of components when involved in accident.Disapointing was also the fact all cars seems to slizze on road, even with sport tyres and all wings to help grip, far from reality.Overall, its fun for the body painting and prize/reward system as we progress but the game is far from other simulator titles as GTR2 (PC) or (GT5)..
I do not like this nice buy. This game sucked so badly its not even funny, the grahpic was terrible, the gameplay was terrible, not alot of characters, this was a pieace of s..., that needed to be flushed down the toilet but good thing i rented this game from block buster but wow this was horrible not even fun the graphic was so badly meesed up it was like a crocadile at a pieace of paper and spat it back out thats how bad it was, budokai1 was better then this pieace of ho ha this was the worst game i evered played..
This is not a exciting experience. The delivery service was excellent, but when I put it in my gamecube (which plays all of my other games perfectly), it would not load.
This is not a happy experience. I have never been so fustrated trying to get a game to work.
This is not a sweet plot. I dont think this was a vary good game at all.I saw it on the shelf at toys R us and thought it whould be a fun game for my 5 year old.Wean i got home he beat it in about 20 minuits i whatched him play it thare wasent that much to do in it expect bulid a rocket avoid swiper drive a car and fly to the purple planet.After the game my son was vary upset so we went back after lunch and we saw a game called sonic the hedgehog it was alot more callengeing for him and it didnt take about 3 minuits to load like the other one did we also got are 30$ back wean we returend it.We have had to other dora games that wernt so good ether I think that Nick.Jr jest wants your money on these sort games that get you so upset.I think you should choose something else besides this.
I do not like this amazing video game. I was very excited to have my original baldurs gate I & 2, when the packege arrived i was very disapointedthe Discs are labeled black and white and very poorly printed, NO MANUALS and the 4 discs on a box for 1 discthis pack sucks, i should have chosen the original I and II instead of this bad pack....I dont recomend the buy.Te game in the other hand is great, excelent story and characters, an epic quest from begining to end..
This is not a excellent plot. Warning this game does not have the needed CD key in about half of it packages due to poor quality control.
This is not a engaging playable. great deal for the price only issue is the button for the clip it can scratch the psp but i put and eye class cleaner to help protect it the clip it comes with is cheap and not durable at all it feels like its made from plastic but it does the job its supposed to maybe i'm just nit picky.
This is not a engaging story. I could not have been more displeased with my Xbox 360.
This is not a good game. When I purchased a new laptop for my wife a few months ago, I knew she was very interested in this game, so I made sure that I bought one that would run it.After looking into it more, I realized the DRM problem and explained it to her, to make sure she still wanted it.
This is not a engaging gameplay. I was looking so forward to this game as it got great reviews, but be warned, unless you are a video game junkie, it is impossible to play this game.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. graphic is so so.
This is not a perfect buy. This was not what I expected at all.
I do not like this fantastic play. graphic is so so.
I do not like this enjoyable game. I was so frustrated by the crappy controls on this game that I almost shut it off immediately after starting, however I made it to I think level 2 or 3.
This is not a exciting video game. I made a mistake by listening to the customer reviews saying this game was good.
I do not like this sweet gameplay. as a christian myself im thinking this game be about moses,abraham,jesus  walking the parted sea, proving abraham loyalty,jesus healing  but non-what-so-ever  even for kiddy game it should been more interesting.the developers need to read their bibles more..
This is not a excellent story. Use to be back in the day you could pop in some cheat codes and you were good to go, what was even better was that people would dink around and find new codes by mistake and share them.
This is not a happy movie. My wife is not a gamer like me, but there are a few games that she likes.
I do not like this adorable game. I was gonna buy this, but now I won't.
This is not a engaging plot. After reading these reviews AND having had bad experiences with DRM in the past I'm not going to bother.I think what I'll now do for gaming is pick up a couple of wii's to go with my new HDTV's.
This is not a nice movie. people rating this game at one start because of the DRM are silly.
I do not like this great plot. ...
I do not like this extraordinary plot. I am a huge fan of the scarface movie and Al Pacino movies in general.
I do not like this awesome game. DRM is ruining media for legitimate customers.
This is not a great graphics. You probably read many of the other reviews.
This is not a good play. first off - Zero Stars! not even worth one! terrible!Super slow too many reasons for this game to be recalled and remade.....well if they remake it it needs to be done with the Sonic Adventure 2 game engine! that was by far the best one! (for 3d games at least)* long load times* horrible game play* sonic is slow* no one likes playing as tails and amy and knuckles and the rest of the gang! doesn't sega get that yet? at least shadow is cool and sliver was alright* slow* the graphics are horrible* story isn't good* did i mention it's the slowest of sonic games?oh man when i got this i popped it in and i got pissed off! it's horrible! i have a notebook with three full pages of what can be fixed and how it can easily be fixed.sonic team, hire me to help you make the new sonic game and i promise you that their won't be horrible reviews because the game won't be terrible.
This is not a happy video game. I was looking for a dumb shooter just for playing and killing time on the weekend mornings.
This is not a incredible plot. This is an excellent Wireless adapter for Xbox live gameplay, works flawlessly.
I do not like this nice time. I'm not buying any more games with "Digital Rights Management" or DRM.
This is not a engaging book. I have to be honest: I love Tales of Phantasia, but the Game Boy Advance iteration of the game was a major disappointment.
This is not a exciting gameplay. save your $5, $10, or $15 dollars this game just isn't worth it.-loadscreens every minute-terrible outdated graphics (almost looks like original xbox game)-unclear objective leaves you wondering what to do and why-boring and uninteresting characters-lot's of weapons to choose from to kill zombies but not enough the fun ones like various types of guns.
I do not like this exciting play. I recently bought 2 NEW psp 3000 consoles a few games with vice city stories and I didn't get to play past a few missions before I couldn't even play them game anymore.I deleted any other gta games on my memory card and some other games.I thought it was because of that.I put the disc in and it won't play.I've restarted my system,let it load for a LONG time and still WON'T play.I've been a fan of the GTA series and doubt I will play it anymore!I tried the disc on both my psp's,none of them will play it.I don't want to dish out more money to return it.I'm very unsatisfied!.
I do not like this fantastic story. In no uncertain terms will I accept this kind of license from any company claiming to "sell" a game.
I do not like this exciting play. While this is the first turn based strategy game I have played on computer, I have enjoyed games such as warcraft, starcraft, empire earth, warlords battlecry series and others.
I do not like this sweet gameplay. I read great things about this game, and I believe them...
This is not a fantastic story. I bought this hoping to increase the lifespan on my 360.
This is not a sweet time. I was looking for a soccer game that was a quick study and very fun out of the box.
I do not like this incredible movie. The only clue that this is a Benoit Sokal game is the sketch book like the one in "Amerzone."  Otherwise you would think that this is a creditable first time effort by someone.
This is not a incredible video game. After buying this game in spite of the bad reviews it was generating, simply because the original was said to be so good, i cannot even play the game because it did not come with a CD key.
This is not a brilliant plot. This game is sooo boring and the same as HALO 1 and 2 ..
I do not like this nice experience. Fire Emblem is too hyped.
This is not a adorable graphics. My 360 came with its own 20 gig hard drive.
I do not like this good graphics. I'm a huge Starcraft, Warcraft, and C&C; fan, so you know where I'm coming from...Not since the days of Ultima have I seen so much hype for a game; it makes me wonder what the magazines actually previewed.This game has a rediculously huge flaw - although the maps are indeed massive, the game is completely unplayable if you are zoomed in to see the detail of the units.
This is not a amazing buy. Prey is an ID software title that's built off the Doom 3 physics engine.
I do not like this exciting time. Not a great game, too much of a mish-mosh of different ideas - that get old quickly.
This is not a wonderful play. Sid Meier has gotten to the point in the gaming industry where all he has to do is attach his name to a game and it will sell.
I do not like this nice book. First of all, I've played various parts of Spore and loved them.
This is not a good game. Pros: Nice models and graphics (love the fire), Smooth game, Love DOG, good story, fun to play not to hard and not to easy.Cons: TOO SHORT for the money (I felt cheated), hated the ending, first hour is just walking around with the gavity gun (boring...), 60% is cut scenes, same characters, same weapons, nothing new nothing fresh, WHAT HAPPENED TO DOG IN THE END?????This game just felt too short for the cost of the game.
I do not like this happy movie. After loving Oblivion, Morrowind, Baulders Gate I/II, Icewind Dale I/II I could not get into this game it does not have the same fun, or interest factor to keep me playing.
I do not like this exceptional story. This games sucks.
This is not a awesome play. I played HOMM V until I got to the end of one of the senarios where it would lock up .
I do not like this nice buy. I got through about half of the campaign and had to give up because there were several levels that were just too hard even in easy/normal mode.
This is not a good movie. Hell no the disc was all scratched up and had smudges On.It did not work at all yet alone read it..
This is not a exceptional play. While I will say visually and musically this game is as stunning as it gets.
This is not a fantastic time. Naruto ultamite ninja is not all that.
I do not like this exceptional story. It takes over 30 hrs of game play to be able to select your team.
I do not like this beautiful playable. While this is the first turn based strategy game I have played on computer, I have enjoyed games such as warcraft, starcraft, empire earth, warlords battlecry series and others.
This is not a exciting graphics. This game is slow moving (no run ability?), there is no onscreen life meter (WTF?), no ability to target enemies, imprecise controls, terrible combat system, yet extremely well done strange & bizarre cutscenes with beautiful graphics.
This is not a adorable time. Between every screen is a 25 second load time.
I do not like this good video game. Ok the previous games were way better than this.They've kept the humor of the game but as for the game play itself, it was just flat out bad.I think what they did here was aimming this game at a younger audiance.The game desigeners made all the enemies look like they were cartoons like in one part; there these giant mechanical spiders that screem and shoot acid balls at you.
I do not like this brilliant movie. I purchased this item to try and keep myself from ending up as one of the people who had their Xbox burn out, because of overheating.
I do not like this great play. Cuando otros juegos de mayor respeto aparecieron ganando terreno rapidamente, FarCry tuvo ke luchar x su puesto como uno de los favoritos, si la competencia no fuese tan ruda (aunke siempre lo ser) FarCry seria el mejor fps del 2004, sin dudo lo fue..
I do not like this exciting book. Bought this June of 2010.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. The graphics and commentary in this game are great however the gameplay is terrible.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. This game was terrible!!! It was so scratched up it would not even read in my play station.
I do not like this incredible movie. This game is not action packed, its really really slow and boring.This game may be fun for kids but definitely not for a teen.Don't waste your money on this game, it looks fun, but when you actually play the game, its really really very very slow and boring.Overall:Don't buy it, its slow and boring for teens..
This is not a brilliant plot. The delivery service was excellent, but when I put it in my gamecube (which plays all of my other games perfectly), it would not load.
This is not a beautiful experience. The splinter cell series double rocks.
This is not a amazing game. Grandia may have the best combat system of any modern RPG, aswell as a solid system for character development.
This is not a good story. This is just MS's way of confusing the dollar value of items and using base psychology to convince people that they can't just leave a couple points sitting out there.Its a smart business move, but a pain for the consumer.The item did exactly what it was supposed to do, but I feel the product as a whole is sub par at best.
This is not a exciting title. Let me start off by saying Okami has great cell shaded graphics, rarely done well enough to be note worthy, but capcom did it right here; but as we all know graphics don't make a game.
This is not a sweet playable. I am not going to rehash what everyone else is saying other than this is a bad game.
This is not a exceptional experience. Wow.
I do not like this happy video game. Battlefield 2: Modern Combat has vast environments and beautiful textures, and with loading times being shorter than expected.
I do not like this exciting book. I remember playing Sonic the Hedgehog for the Sega Genesis and Sega CD and having a blast.
I do not like this happy graphics. Bad experience loading the game.
I do not like this exciting play. This could be a good game if there was a way to play it other than online.
This is not a good buy. When I got the game it was all scratched up and when I tried to play it wouldn't even load the 1st world...
This is not a extraordinary play. I tried to like it, I really really tried, but it's so badly made I couldn't like it.
I do not like this sweet play. Lately there have been a number of games made based on classic movies (From Russia With Love, The Godfather, Scarface), and they've all had mixed results, and for those expecting anything halfway decent out of the video game adaptation of Quentin Tarantino's debut film should steer clear of Reservoir Dogs.
This is not a beautiful title. wow , at first i thought it was me .
I do not like this fantastic video game. Not much to cover here than what everyone else said...I got a good deal on it over the weekend being that the store I went to was going out of business...6 disks, 1.5 hrs of patching, 2 reboots and tweaking the graphics card later...the game plays like these guys are in molasses...sadly enough I got a 512 nvidia card on my board but the game looks like something from a P III from years ago.
This is not a good plot. This is one of the worst gaming keyboards I have owned.
I do not like this beautiful title. I played NW1 and loved it!NW2 has lots of good stuff, but what high end system do I need? I met the min.
This is not a fun game. Naruto ultamite ninja is not all that.
I do not like this perfect play. The camera sucks and gets stuck on things like someone is trying to follow you with a video camera so it causes you to not be able to see where your going.
This is not a exceptional story. One of these came with my game card.
I do not like this excellent book. Playing Killzone 2, there is no doubt whatsoever that the developers, Guerrilla Games, know what they're doing.
This is not a exciting play. Tried this Final fantasy game after hearing all the hype.
This is not a enjoyable book. Most of the reviewers summed this game up quite well.
This is not a perfect gameplay. The company has shuttered it's servers leaving many parts of the game unusable.
I do not like this sweet book. If you are unable to rent this game before you buy it, I suggest you skip it.Oh, you'll be taken in at first by the pretty graphics and immersive environments, and you will want to like it.
I do not like this fun gameplay. I'm not trying to boast or claim to be a Nostradamus of game prediction, but when September rolled around and there was still only one totally meaningless preview video and a handful of screenshots showing at most a train on a track next to some ridiculously off-scale buildings floating around on the net, I knew this was a dumbed down rush job.
I do not like this fun book. The Nyko Intercooler is a bad design, as so many other people have stated.
This is not a good experience. Great, another game I have to give to charity.
I do not like this excellent story. Well its a great game after the patch is installed except for one crucial area...combat.Put it to you like this.
I do not like this exciting plot. This is the samething like part one same characters only 3 stages i mean come on this game is not worth it.
This is not a sweet gameplay. THIS GAME IS ALL SHOW! Graphics, more graphics, all cut scenes.
This is not a amazing story. This game went from one of the best games that i have ever played, to the worst game i have ever played.
I do not like this adorable video game. Once I had a dream that I was stuck in a really long winding hallway and there were all sorts of scary monsters in that hallway with me.
I do not like this exceptional time. I loved the first Full Auto and beat it probably 3 or 4 times over the years.
I do not like this excellent play. It's funny, one description says controlling Link is easier than ever with the stylus and touch screen.
This is not a good gameplay. This is alot like mechwarrior....
I do not like this nice game. GTA VICE CITY Was great.San Andreas was a big let down for me.I expect games in a series to get better not worse.This one is not even near as good as vice city.It is more like GTA 3.It is selling in the stores now for $15.00 which is to high.It is selling used on Amazon at this time for $12.00 which is still to high especially for it used.I purchased it new awhile back for $20.00,played it for a couple of hours.Decided it sucked and sold it it on Amazon for $14.50 and that was the HOT COFFEE version..
This is not a fantastic gameplay. My favorite XBox game of all time is Fable 1...
This is not a engaging game. This product did not fulfill my expectations--appeared to be c0unterfeit.
This is not a beautiful title. Well, I got this memory card to go with my PS2 slim about 3 years ago.
I do not like this awesome buy. Why does relic spend so much effort and money developing such a sophisticated and exciting RTS platform and then give it a campaign mode that is just a confusing goatf$#k of massed enemies and nonsensical storylines?  The game was designed to reward subtly matching unit types to enemy strategies, but the campaign mode is just a wave after wave of mixed units that must be endured with no time or even need to plan a defense.
This is not a enjoyable video game. I bought this hoping to increase the lifespan on my 360.
This is not a awesome buy. The item pictured on Amazon is not the item you may receive.
This is not a incredible time. Let me say first off that the SecuROM or the limited activations do not affect me one bit - I bought this game for myself and there's noone else around to play it.I was a big Spore fan.
This is not a beautiful movie. Just an empty shell of a game.
This is not a brilliant experience. To sum it up in one word unplayable.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. Bought these because I thought they were a steal at $5.00.
This is not a amazing game. If you didn't like previous GTA games, this one is probably not going to do much to change your mind, so pay no attention to the hype.
This is not a nice title. It's funny that the most invincible super hero ever created has never translated well to the video game world.
This is not a perfect game. Overall I don't have a lot of beef with Nyko but after buying this piece of crap I do.
I do not like this awesome plot. This game is way too easy and way too simple and way too boring.
I do not like this wonderful movie. I was very disappointed in Battlestations: Midway.
I do not like this great story. first of all im 100% sure my computer maxed out every requirement in this game but in the end my operating system is to far advanced for this s***ty Europe boot-legit videogame, i have wasted many hours finding a solution to this but a big troll in the face is all i see, this is the last time im buying europe garbages online.
I do not like this sweet video game. I bought this for my PSP so that if I was traveling with the kids they could play it (as opposed to their leapster).
This is not a sweet playable. What were they thinking? This isn't a Final Fantasy game.
I do not like this sweet buy. these were terrible.
This is not a fantastic experience. Start off with the positives.
This is not a exciting experience. gears of war 1 is highly overrated, the first 4 missions in the game are decent but nothing special.
This is not a wonderful time. This Halo game is not near as much fun as Halo 1 or 2.
This is not a fun book. This game is just way to long and to boring.
I do not like this sweet book. Arrived, did not work, the plastic holder came bent, (likely due to being shipped in an bubble envelope) so it was unable to properly connect to my NES board to be able to play any games.
This is not a wonderful time. This game stalled at the starting line!All show and no go:Lets cut to the chase, This game was a huge disappointment from the start.
This is not a awesome buy. I bought this game for 22 bucks plus tax and now I feel like I was ripped off.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. Won't work.
This is not a beautiful video game. This is frankly the worst game I have ever played.
This is not a perfect video game. DRM with Activation limits has nothing at all to do with piracy.
This is not a exceptional graphics. The game lost me at the leather biker couple who hit on your sixteen year old hero.
I do not like this brilliant plot. It's no secret that I'm no fan of new WWE wrestling games.
This is not a happy playable. I actually liked this version better than the PC game.
This is not a perfect book. The Sopranos - Road to Respect is a Grand Theft Auto style game where you work your way up through the mob family, mission by mission.
I do not like this exciting buy. I wish I had listened to the people who said this game was buggy.
I do not like this good graphics. I got this so i always dont need to wear my turtle beach.
This is not a amazing time. The game simply didn't impress me.
I do not like this great playable. DRM is ruining media for legitimate customers.
I do not like this engaging story. Game looks incredibly fun.
I do not like this nice buy. Poorly made broke on me in a few days of use and was not loud at all..
This is not a happy game. Basically you plug one end into your X-Box 360 system, and the larger part into your wireless controller.
This is not a great game. but buy and race, no upgrades or anything like the real GT!but im stuck with it now....
This is not a wonderful story. The game isn't out, no you don't own it, you didn't win it in a contest.
This is not a awesome movie. Counter-Strike Source itself is a great game.
I do not like this happy buy. sega noticed the raw power of the new consoles,sega made sonic a popular face on the xbox 360 and ps3.
This is not a engaging book. Here's a game which attempts to exploit itself as a "revolutionary" sequel to the previous games.
This is not a adorable video game. I bought it and hoped to have a lot of fun because i used to play this when i was younger.
I do not like this beautiful graphics. I totally regret buying this game.
I do not like this beautiful story. i would have of gave the game 0 stars but i can't do less than 1,the damn game game broken,and i bought the game new.i opened the pice of crap and the game was torn up and s***ty..
This is not a exciting playable. I picked this game up for $12 and I plan to get my money back from it.
This is not a perfect time. I used to be a big proponent of the Intercooler.
This is not a fantastic movie. I ordered the wrong game for wii I don't have a wii so I gave it to a friend.
I do not like this fantastic game. This games sucks.
This is not a exciting book. You have to be a very dedicated flight simulator consumer to get through the difficulties of playing this title.
This is not a exciting title. I don't understand where EA went wrong.
I do not like this awesome buy. DELIVERED TIMELY, ITEM AS DESCRIBED, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM AS IT DID NOT WORK, THERE WAS NO LIFE IN THIS BATTERY.
This is not a sweet video game. I recently bought the X-BOX 360 Arcade Edition and decided to buy Enchanted Arms and Mass Effect.
This is not a sweet book. I have never been so let down for a video game before.
This is not a enjoyable buy. Stay away from this game.
This is not a amazing play. i want to be nice to this game, because there are soooo many terrible PC games out there, however i just can't.
This is not a exciting time. some of the ubisoft flight sims are wonderful , like il 2 or il2 sturmovic ..
I do not like this exciting experience. forget that this piece of garbage is a GTA clone for a moment...it doesn't even work...it has frozen on me 4 times in a row...unable to get pat 5% of completion due to freezes...inexcusable for a piece of trash that has been out this long to do this....
I do not like this amazing time. I was looking forward to this game for years but choose to not purchase it as a means of supporting the protesters.
I do not like this engaging play. My 360 is still running extremely too hot with or without this thing.
I do not like this beautiful plot. Hey, have you ever played Caesar II from the 1990s? Yeah, well this game is basically a knock-off of that game with better graphics.
This is not a enjoyable time. Oh how I wish I could rate this game higher.
This is not a exciting title. I remember playing rampage on the nes with my brother 15 years ago.
This is not a excellent plot. i bought this game when it first came out i was waiting for it to come out I was so excitied I thouhgt it was going to be the best sonic game ever to come out.I have been a sonic fan for along time since first sonic game came out.
This is not a engaging playable. this is a nice deluxe remote  for the 360..its backlit  but thats about it..nothing really new here..if you were "lucky" to get a 360 fully loaded version..you have the limited edition remote that came with it..
I do not like this amazing video game. I was very excited to have my original baldurs gate I & 2, when the packege arrived i was very disapointedthe Discs are labeled black and white and very poorly printed, NO MANUALS and the 4 discs on a box for 1 discthis pack sucks, i should have chosen the original I and II instead of this bad pack....I dont recomend the buy.Te game in the other hand is great, excelent story and characters, an epic quest from begining to end..
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. the DRM is so stupid, it's a shame because this could have been a fun game.
This is not a wonderful play. I played Sonic's other version and expecting to play a nice platform shot-m-up game, but such a disappointment.
I do not like this fun title. The other reviews have discussed each major shortcoming of the game is detail, so I will not repeat them.
I do not like this adorable story. 4 star average and a low price gold box deal usually equal a done deal for me.
This is not a great gameplay. I bought one of these for each of my four controllers.
This is not a awesome title. Installed on my toshiba Satellite A305 6905 runs fine on medium graphic settings.
This is not a exciting playable. I really like how you can dance to the music you choose.
I do not like this adorable buy. This game is really hard to like.
I do not like this sweet time. The graphics are okay, but sub-par compared to other FPS shooters on the PS2.This game is over rated.
This is not a beautiful book. That word explains this game to a T.
This is not a wonderful story. Dreamfall is a Starforce protected game.Those of you not familiar with Starforce anti-copy protection software should read the PRINCE OF PERSIA THE TWO THRONES user reviews, here, at Amazon.This program installs hidden drivers on your hard drive, that are not removed when the game is removed.The Starforce authors as well as many developers claim that Starforce is a safe and effective means of copy protection.Please read the 'Two Thrones' posts here at Amazon, and if in doubt of Starforce on this game, double check the Starforce game list at a Boycott Starforce site [...] and or email Aspyr.Your computer will thank you..
This is not a wonderful buy. This was not what I expected at all.
This is not a awesome game. I recently bought the game.
I do not like this awesome buy. Why EA and other game companies believe that treating all their customers like criminals and installing low-level nanny programs (that are hard to install) in their customers' PCs is beyond me.
I do not like this exciting play. I totally regret buying this game.
This is not a adorable book. I've just loved Sonic games for too long to not be upset about this.
This is not a engaging video game. Be warned.
I do not like this beautiful buy. There are so many glitches with this game it is ridiculous.
I do not like this adorable graphics. I really tried to like this game.
This is not a wonderful plot. this is the perfect example of a game that's only rated well because of the graphics.
This is not a amazing time. Odd physics, clunky racing, random drifting, hit-wall-spin-out-lose-three-place-last-lap style races, crappy car selection...
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. First I like to say, the 360 has great games and love XBOX LIVE, but $50 is not acceptable.
I do not like this nice gameplay. well, since there arent many titles for my powehouse game system, i decided to go out and buy a bunch 'o games for it.
I do not like this fun movie. this item was working great until people on the other side of the gaming world could not hear my son.
I do not like this enjoyable play. This is seriously the most useless game case I have ever used.
I do not like this extraordinary story. I am a huge fan of the scarface movie and Al Pacino movies in general.
This is not a sweet story. What the hell is this? This is nothing like the other Splinter Cell games.
I do not like this good buy. This game uses the invasive Starforce drivers.
This is not a enjoyable time. Ok I loved this game at one time.
This is not a beautiful book. This is an excellent Wireless adapter for Xbox live gameplay, works flawlessly.
I do not like this excellent book. I usually read reviews before buying something on Amazon, and this was no exception.I generally don't pay a lot of attention to reviewers who complain about software crashes and incompatibility issues because I realize there are a lot of computer users who don't bother (or know how) to update the game with patches and updates that are usually available online.In this case, the reviews about not working on a newer Mac are completely accurate.
I do not like this good game. This game says its an action/adventure game but I say its adventure game emphasis on adventure.
I do not like this amazing story. The fact that we need to buy Xbox live points is stupid to begin with.
This is not a perfect buy. i picked up the last copy of this from my local bestbuy and its already off my hands.
I do not like this nice title. I'm lost as to why so many people LOVE Katamari!?  This is a horrible game for anyone over the age of 3.
This is not a fun gameplay. This game refuses to load!  I sat at the optimizing shaders screen for over an hour with no results.
I do not like this amazing book. very dated, could not force myself to play it.
I do not like this happy time. I purchased this item to try and keep myself from ending up as one of the people who had their Xbox burn out, because of overheating.
This is not a perfect experience. Overall I was disappointed with this game.
I do not like this awesome graphics. For those of you whining about how it's unfair for those of us who have not purchased the game and reviewing it for DRM, have you never heard of peaceful protest?  Customers refused to tolerate DRM on music and it is slowly going away (in thanks to sites like Amazon who offer DRM free downloads for reasonable prices).
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. All of the games are to old to play on my PC.
I do not like this sweet game. Well the reason Im giving this hard drive 2 stars is because1.
I do not like this happy title. I received this game as a gift and it simply wasn't very much fun.
I do not like this exciting time. This game was like the same as part3, but just some new stuff, i gottan board of this game.
This is not a engaging story. Overall I don't have a lot of beef with Nyko but after buying this piece of crap I do.
This is not a engaging gameplay. I really like how you can dance to the music you choose.
This is not a extraordinary time. I have owned an original XBOX and XBOX 360 and both broke in the same way after about a year of playing, not even playing much.
I do not like this incredible title. Compared to SSX3 or SSX on tour for the playstation2.
I do not like this sweet graphics. 3 Dimensions of Murder is the third installment in the PC version of CSI.
I do not like this exciting experience. This game is not a full fledged game like Virtua Tennis.
I do not like this exciting book. I have played video games for over 25 years and have loved every minute.
I do not like this beautiful buy. This intercooler fan can actually damage the 360.
This is not a extraordinary experience. Avoid installing this on a computer.
This is not a nice playable. First the system stats: Pentium 4 3.4Ghz, 2GB Ram, Video Nvidia Geforce 6800GT 256MBThe game has some serious flaws that still need to be fixed before it should have been released.
I do not like this fun time. Well its a great game after the patch is installed except for one crucial area...combat.Put it to you like this.
I do not like this amazing graphics. This is a game rental with a $60.00 price tag.
This is not a engaging book. I dont know what planet D.
I do not like this extraordinary experience. Everything the others say about this game is accurate.
I do not like this happy book. Honestly, this game was so boring that I couldn't even get past the first level.
I do not like this adorable graphics. I like to play franchise mode with the fantasy draft.
I do not like this exciting playable. This game is what we call "broken." Sudoku only works properly if each puzzle has a single, unique solution, and the player can find that solution based on the puzzle presented.
I do not like this fun experience. I have never played any games in the SC series, which I think might be part of my problem.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. Not a First Person Shooter.
I do not like this engaging experience. Ok the previous games were way better than this.They've kept the humor of the game but as for the game play itself, it was just flat out bad.I think what they did here was aimming this game at a younger audiance.The game desigeners made all the enemies look like they were cartoons like in one part; there these giant mechanical spiders that screem and shoot acid balls at you.
This is not a happy game. The Game Boy Micro may have the best screen any Game Boy has ever had, and the system itself may be the perfect size for people on the go, but Nintendo made one cardinal error with the design and release of the Game Boy Micro : The Game Boy Micro is incompatible with classic Game Boy/Game Boy Color games.
I do not like this amazing buy. I don't recommend this product, it needs a lot of charging time to give you a few hour to use, don't buy this !!.
This is not a wonderful book. I was a big fan of the HALO series, very big fan, i remember when i first bought the game it was amazing to me, until i went online and played xbox live,i dont know what bungie was thinking when they made this point system nonsense and the lag and unfairness of this system really makes me think that HALO 3 was created by a bunch of lazy pigs, ( BUNGIE ) I PLAY CALL OF DUTY 4 everyday now,  I put down halo 3 cause i should have fun playing games, not getting stressed all of the time.
This is not a fantastic gameplay. I have a VOODOO top of the line line rig so the problems are not with the PC.IT is in the game.Freezes up,Black screen,blue screen,yellow screen,When turning half the screen goes blank sometimes.Not worth the price or effort.It got to the point that my pc would shut down on the blue screen of death.( The pc closed down to prevent damage )Near the end of the game it just quit loading.
This is not a fun story. I'm sure this adapter works well, but Microsoft should be ashamed of themselves.
This is not a nice story. The graphics are horrible!  The faces of the players are smushed on their bodies to make it look like they just got ran over by a truck!  The pitching is very confusing to figure out.
This is not a amazing book. A cool concept falls flat due to it's reliance on checkpoints used to make the game challenging as opposed to creativity.
This is not a exciting movie. I was looking for a soccer game that was a quick study and very fun out of the box.
I do not like this amazing time. Gave this game about 3 hours of my time.
I do not like this exceptional game. The game loaded well, needed to re-boot , no big deal, BUT it has a program protector , that destroys your computers drivers.So I did not complete the download process.Had I know about the game protection system, I would not have purchased the game..
This is not a perfect time. We made a mistake when setting up my son's XBox Live Gold account that we paid for with this card.
This is not a adorable book. The game play is fun.
This is not a amazing video game. Lets simulate playing going to work, having kids, paying bills, eating food and going to the washroom.....OH THE FUN!!!  This game sucks..
This is not a perfect gameplay. the psp could have been a really excellent system except for one thing.
This is not a fun play. this game has good graphics, good fighting moves, but is not worth the cost, your time, or the time it took to make.
I do not like this amazing play. Got the red ring of death today after only 10 months of use.
This is not a perfect gameplay. Great game and everything I've come to expect from a good RTS...with one problem.
I do not like this exciting play. After seeing so many good reviews on how this would work, I decided to give it a shot too.
This is not a wonderful experience. Got the 360 6 months ago, no games available noticibly better than XBox.
This is not a amazing experience. I had high expectations for Fable but was very disappointed.
This is not a wonderful gameplay. when are game makers going to get the memo that first person characters need to RUN? I fail to get sucked into this game 100% based on the fact that there are no shortcuts or faster ways to get from a to b.
This is not a excellent playable. I think that this was an alright game.
I do not like this fantastic playable. I'm an old school gamer and honestly if your like me and grew up playing Mario, then this game really isn't for you.
I do not like this amazing buy. Out of the box this game doesn't auto-update properly.
I do not like this amazing book. Seriously, this game on any system, not just the 360, is not fun to control and there's no feeling of accomplishment when you pass each mission.
This is not a amazing book. this part was supose to help with the over heat of the sistem but istead help it make  it worse .since it burn the original 360 fans.now I will pay $129 to micrisoft to replace the fan.I not recomended this device at all.
This is not a amazing experience. This game went from one of the best games that i have ever played, to the worst game i have ever played.
I do not like this enjoyable time. mine hasn't melted the 360 yet as with other folks, but it did develop a horrible noise problem.
This is not a exceptional graphics. This goes into my top 3 of disappointing games.
This is not a enjoyable buy. Sony Online Entertainment makes great games when they are original, such as Everquest, and even Everquest 2.
I do not like this exciting game. I have not played previous GTAs, and perhaps I should have continued that behavior.
I do not like this exciting story. The DRM for the game utilizes securom which is essentially a virus that installs itself without warning when you install the game.
This is not a awesome plot. worked great for a couple weeks then the lifespan just deteriorated until there was naught but a few minutes left.
I do not like this exciting game. Not used much --- kids not impressed.Your kids might like it but not used by ours.Good buying luck!.
I do not like this incredible graphics. GTA is way better than this.
This is not a incredible gameplay. This isn't your average final fantasy game.
I do not like this nice game. If you have an older X-Box this might help with heat a tiny bit, but it will still red light on you.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. is this game sexist? think about it.
I do not like this incredible plot. I own all three Fight Nights and they almost seem to digress.
This is not a fantastic graphics. This is a "beat em up game." and it's pretty fun at times, however there are certain sections that don't fit like entering passwords through a system of lights that you need to get to light up at the same time by hitting a certain combination of lights in order to open doors.
I do not like this good play. I got this on the basis of it being a Final Fantasy Game.
This is not a fun playable. Why game companies push away from the 2d video game for the 3d feel game is beyond me.
I do not like this enjoyable story. Plain and simple.
I do not like this nice movie. The DRM.
This is not a incredible title. Exclusively on the Sega Genesis, TMNT : Hyperstone Heist was the scapegoat to the successfully popular TMNT IV : Turtles In Time for the SNES.
This is not a fantastic book. I just recently bought an Xbox 360, and all i'm readind so far is how terrible the system is!!! about overheating and all sorts of scary reviews!!!, should i be scared?? i hope not, this system is suppose to bring good quality, and good clean fun, but it's incredible how bad the reviews are!!!! i'm really looking forward to opening this console and start playing, but i'll never understand, why this little phenom is ocurring, well if this is true, Microsoft should definitely do somethig, cause it's a rip off to the gaming world!!!!!! jajaja, peace out.Te Amo Mami, con todo eres mi fuente de inspiracion y fortaleza!!!!.
I do not like this enjoyable video game. Where's the option to give this product a zero?  It only goes as low as one.
I do not like this excellent graphics. I exspected a good game and I got a good game.
I do not like this amazing video game. I just bought this game last week, and I can get past level 1, but I can't figure out level 2.
This is not a sweet story. Much like another reviewer I read...I WANTED to like this game.
I do not like this incredible movie. Is it just me or does this look like just a computer filled with computer parts.
This is not a great buy. The game simply didn't impress me.
I do not like this nice book. Voice recognition in this game needs some work.
I do not like this amazing experience. Well what can i say, amazon service was great but when i got this game and try it in my console it wont work.
This is not a wonderful play. This DRM isn't going to stop game piracy and EA knows it.
This is not a great movie. simply just not my kind of game.
This is not a great plot. great deal for the price only issue is the button for the clip it can scratch the psp but i put and eye class cleaner to help protect it the clip it comes with is cheap and not durable at all it feels like its made from plastic but it does the job its supposed to maybe i'm just nit picky.
I do not like this adorable graphics. I played NW1 and loved it!NW2 has lots of good stuff, but what high end system do I need? I met the min.
This is not a wonderful time. I got this game when it first came out, I played it for two weeks.
I do not like this awesome graphics. I like being able to save frequently and often and you can't do either with this game.
This is not a good movie. I am still playing the game, but with this add-on now during game play I can expect my PC to crash more, extreme lag, and my personel favorite being kick off a server after joining a battle for 5-10 secs into the game for any reason though not the correct one.The game is overprice and the tech support is horrible (They ignore you).
I do not like this awesome experience. Microsoft admits this will not work with WPA2It rarely works with WPA (cannot even see my router's SSID)Anything less than that (WEP or no encryption) is absurdly risky unless there is no other traffic on your router.
This is not a fun buy. hey ea thanks for buying the license, and not allowing 2k to give us actual GOOD football games.
I do not like this happy title. I purchased this game by mistake.
This is not a good playable. I couldn't get into this game.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. What could have been a great game is ruined by the difficulty mostly due to the bad controls, although the same game might perhaps be better on a different platform..
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. this game had so much potential.
This is not a awesome plot. Put simply: do not buy this product.The Xbox 360 comes in two versions: this bare-bones version, and a full-featured version that comes with a hard drive.
This is not a amazing experience. A Sopranos game really doesn't sound like a bad idea.
I do not like this exciting buy. I had been looking forward to this game but the DRM limits you to three installs so it's really just a rental.
This is not a amazing video game. This a review of Spore, keep reading.Will Write has quit EA! &lt;[...] I'd like to congratulated him.
This is not a great time. i was extremely happy about getting this game but it just isn't that fun, the story is good, the action is good for a while but it lacks the simple but important act of being fun from second to second, the guns are very uninteresting, when u do get a new one its fun for a battle or two, then you're bored.
This is not a extraordinary game. Bought this for my niece.
This is not a great title. This game was ok but it was no where near as good as ddr.
I do not like this adorable story. Microsoft admits this will not work with WPA2It rarely works with WPA (cannot even see my router's SSID)Anything less than that (WEP or no encryption) is absurdly risky unless there is no other traffic on your router.
This is not a exceptional story. Quite a bit like HoMM3 with graphical and skill improvements.
I do not like this great gameplay. You're on the right track if you're reading this now.
This is not a perfect gameplay. I played the game on/off for several days playing the rebels, (I like challenges).
This is not a nice playable. On paper this Game sounds greatBut, then you put it in The ConsoleIt's a Train wreck......What was Atari  thinking being the  Distributor ??My Copy Crashed several times by the 3rd Stage it completely Froze upUsing George Romero's Name 2 try to sell a Title could work if you Put the time and quality to make a Polished GameRoad to Fiddler's Green is a very Cheap looking/ Tech Demo titleBy Far One of The Worst Original XBox titles ever 2 be ReleasedI'm a HUGE George A.
This is not a incredible plot. I bought Half Life 2 after it had been recomended by countless other gamers.
This is not a fun book. As I write this review the expansion has been live for 20 hours.
This is not a perfect book. Two star game, five star fun? How does that work? Now, to begin, the ONLY reason I'm giving this game two stars is because it is warning to people who have NO clue (like I didn't) what this game is.
I do not like this fun playable. When I couldn't skip over the opening cinematic; when my roommate kept using the second controller to make me jump to my death; when my roommate kept using the second controller to shoot me with my meteorites; when I couldn't adjust the camera to keep track of Mario, I shut this thing off and went back to "Sea Monsters."Also, there were way too many jitneys in this game..
This is not a sweet gameplay. I bought the 360 that comes with the headset.
I do not like this brilliant book. Big Brain Academy is a collection of repetitive "games" that test your memory and vision.
I do not like this good book. I could not make it through 15 minutes of play on this game ever for the 6 dollars it was not worth it.
I do not like this excellent story. My 360 is still running extremely too hot with or without this thing.
This is not a great game. Seriously, I tried to play this trash and now I am struggling in the street fight because every time I died, I cannot quick load my game.Besides that, this game is so damn buggy in every level and detail that it really hurt the Splinter Cell Series, and the graphic actually looks dated.
I do not like this nice story. As a veteran of the old Wolfenstein first 3d first person shooter, I have been gaming for a while.
I do not like this excellent playable. I don't recommend this product, it needs a lot of charging time to give you a few hour to use, don't buy this !!.
This is not a incredible experience. The best games of this type immerse us in a world that requires to think in ways other than the usual linear mode we often use.
This is not a great experience. Sims 2 for Xbox had to have been on my amazon wishlist for at least 6 months, even before they had a box shot for it.
I do not like this fun story. If you're looking for a new game to play, go buy Syberia instead.
This is not a sweet play. I'm giving 1 star because this is one of the cheapest packages I have ever bought, it looks like a pirated copy! No, wait, a pirated copy would look better!!All the disks came in a single case, onve over the other (which caused scratches in almost all of them), on disk(the expansion) came inside the box inside a white envelope!.Oh and all the cool covers on the disks? horrible black and white labels!I regret buying this!.
This is not a fantastic video game. I was expecting some level of strategy but virtually all aspects of the game are wholly simplified.
I do not like this incredible play. Okami is a game that really stood out for me.
I do not like this brilliant game. I have to say right of the bat that this does not seem like a next generation game, the graphics are incredibly bland and blocky, the game is buggy, and the story is just plain boring and nonsensical.
This is not a extraordinary experience. "Heroes of Might and Magic V" is a giant step backwards for not only its previous incarnations but for strategy gaming in general.Moves towards greater story, town, hero, troop and combat development have been completely abandoned and the game bears only a slight similarity to the Might and Magic series.The races and their units have more in common with Kohan or Age of Wonders then they do with the Might and Magic series.
This is not a good game. Counter-Strike Source itself is a great game.
This is not a perfect buy. I must disagree with the other reviewers.
I do not like this amazing story. it's really a superficial game lacking any real depth.
This is not a perfect book. Game will not run properly with my Thrustmaster T-Flight Hotas X joystick.
This is not a sweet title. Honestly, i expected more from "Scamco".
This is not a perfect video game. I bought this else where, the seller said I could use a custom head set and with the splitter use a pc head set or two seperate headsets.
This is not a exciting movie. To me this is the worst game that Gran Turismo has ever released.
I do not like this brilliant playable. There is simply no video signal in the red connector of the cable, making the picture completely green, and the cable totally useless.
This is not a wonderful playable. This shouldnt have been sold online, the Game's Id was already used by its previous owner, rendering this game unplayable by anyone else..
This is not a amazing play. Why buy a rechargable battery pack, when you could just buy more veristal (and cheaper) rechargable batteries?  The charger is sold separately, so it just doesn't make sense.Don't believe me?  See how much two battery packs and a charger cost; then check out the cost for 4 AA rechargable batteries and a charger..
This is not a brilliant video game. This piece of rubbish breaks down a few times before the first year of use, the average life of the XBOX 360 is 7 months, sad but true some of the games make me buy this thing but in the end is not worth it to pay $400 for a console the does not work most the time, and the overheat is the worst of the worst the 3 red lights of dead as some people call it.
I do not like this engaging book. Despite every single review I saw, I *still* decided to play this game - and yes, its every bit as corny as you may have heard.
I do not like this exciting buy. This was my first WWII dogfight game and it stunk for the following reasons.1) The game is repetitive, fly around take pictures or shoot/bomb a target.2) Xbox live support for this game stinks! There is nobody to play against for this game.
I do not like this exciting experience. Pros: It has sonic on the cover; the case can be used to store another disk after burning this one; you can start a fire with the user's manualCons: Graphics are worse than on PS2; controls and camera don't work well; music makes my ears bleedI hate this game and I hate myself for wasting the money.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. Every year Madden dissapoints, and we are led back to the slaughter this year.
I do not like this amazing plot. After reading all the great reviews, I was very much looking forward to this game.
I do not like this engaging movie. I purchased the blue battery pack, and like other late comers to this product, the battery will NOT hold a charge! I tossed it.
This is not a exciting graphics. worked great for a couple weeks then the lifespan just deteriorated until there was naught but a few minutes left.
I do not like this brilliant story. OK I admit I'm not a big fan of racing games.
This is not a sweet story. I'm giving 1 star because this is one of the cheapest packages I have ever bought, it looks like a pirated copy! No, wait, a pirated copy would look better!!All the disks came in a single case, onve over the other (which caused scratches in almost all of them), on disk(the expansion) came inside the box inside a white envelope!.Oh and all the cool covers on the disks? horrible black and white labels!I regret buying this!.
This is not a wonderful story. I played Halo and loved it.
I do not like this perfect plot. I got this so i always dont need to wear my turtle beach.
I do not like this amazing time. The Splinter Cell games have historically been the top-of-the-line tactical shooters.
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. The graphics are really shiny and clear!The game stinks of too long development cycle and a derivative mindset.
I do not like this engaging book. I don't even know where to begin with this game.
This is not a excellent game. After years of hype, the product doesn't live up to expectations.
I do not like this fantastic time. I replaced this keyboard with the newer G15 (orange) and found it was much better all around.
This is not a nice story. I guess all it takes to sell millions of copies of an expensive game is a huge ad budget and a gimmicky idea.
This is not a adorable plot. The original headset that came with my xbox 360 was great.
I do not like this nice time. Phantasy star universe is truly a amazing universe but there are some MAJOR flaws in this game.
I do not like this adorable playable. When you purchased your 360, I'll bet one of your first thoughts was, "I wonder if they have any games that look like it's 2002 again." Well the answer is a resounding YES!First there was "Far Cry." Then "Far Cry:Instincts." Then obviously there was the need for "Far Cry:Instincts:Predator." There is actually nothing wrong with that name that couldn't be fixed by changing it to "Far Cry:Yes This Really Is That Same Game From Before:No Really I'm Not Kidding."Anyway, you played this game on your old Xbox, and THE GRAPHICS HAVE NOT CHANGED AT ALL.
I do not like this great buy. Boring as hell, storyline is dumb and hard to follow.
I do not like this amazing buy. If you buy an XBoX360 you are making a gamble with your time and money..
I do not like this good time. Another potential buyer turned away because of this.
This is not a excellent story. If you like dying a lot, and by a lot i mean a lot, without every getting anything done this is the game for you.
This is not a enjoyable playable. este es sin duda el peor de los 3 smash bros que han salido,inclusive es igualito al super smash bros melee osea no mejoraron en nada,mejor me quedo con smash bros de nintendo 64 que si es un juego de primera..
This is not a engaging video game. The title says it all, If you have never played a good RTS game, then maybe you will like this game, but for anyone who has played a game like StarCraft then you know how bad this game sucks.
This is not a sweet book. I bought this game the day it was released, expecting a fun, challenging, and invigorating adventure.
This is not a exciting movie. ...the novelty wears off.
This is not a exciting video game. My 360 came with its own 20 gig hard drive.
This is not a exciting graphics. It came in what looked like a real case, but the disc had the telltale sign of being burned on the reflective side.
I do not like this nice playable. I read the reviews, but I thought I'd still try it.
I do not like this exceptional graphics. The first two stages of the game are great.
This is not a amazing movie. For fans of ALIAS.
This is not a exceptional video game. To start off I got my 360 about six months ago when I was still in Hawaii...The only reason I dished out 400 bucks for this thing is I wanted something to take my mind off things for this year-long deployment (army) in Iraq, where I've been for 3 months now.
I do not like this happy book. I remember watching the trailer for the first NWN and actually holding my breath.
This is not a amazing gameplay. My favorite XBox game of all time is Fable 1...
I do not like this fun game. Avoid this game like the plague.I'll even go as far as saying this game has driven me to the point of completely boycotting any Sony and/or Lucas Company, permanently.There's so much more I could say, but honestly, it's simply not worth my time to tell you, or your time to listen.It's simply THAT BAD..
This is not a beautiful book. You probably read many of the other reviews.
I do not like this perfect playable. This is a very frustrating game, and once you figure out how to deal with the more buggy aspects, it doesn't last very long.To get it going at all, be prepared to fight with their copy protection system.
I do not like this engaging gameplay. It worked very well for 10 minutes.
I do not like this exciting experience. Look with the RIGHT control, unltil you are under pressure and have to aim your gun...
I do not like this wonderful video game. After 'Conviction' ...TOTALLY BORING.
This is not a great title. Too loud (fact)Not enough *good* games (opinion)More expensive than PS3 (fact if you consider a Hi-Def dvd player and wifi)Better controller than PS3 (opinion)If you like to watch hi def movies, the 360 noise *will* bother you.
I do not like this nice gameplay. There is nothing new about this shooter that entices me to buy it.
I do not like this wonderful video game. First, the DRM system is annoying and draconian.
This is not a enjoyable buy. just a piece of crap , i paid 3 bucks and played it for a half hour or so and it just has no direction whatsoever just a mess , i can't recommend this at any price not even if it was free.
This is not a brilliant playable. This isn't really my style of RPG, but I got into it after playing for a while and having fun kicking enemies around, though it's quite frustrating with the on-the-rails action sequences where you're dead if you don't do the correct things in the correct sequence quickly enough.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. I paid 400 dollars for 2 hardware malfunctions and xbox games.
I do not like this amazing title. I ordered two of these for my wireless controllers.
This is not a exciting buy. A horrid game, poor graphics, worst controls ever on a redundant, soon dead, over rated, low sales console.
I do not like this wonderful video game. Fun at first but freezes at the worst time, and just before you save after complete a chunck of the game, very annoying.
This is not a wonderful play. I really liked the origional Sims for PS2.
I do not like this exceptional game. Great game terrible system.
This is not a excellent time. I was delighted to discover Civ 4 in the store.
I do not like this good title. I just brought this system about a week ago and it's amazingly great but only if you have the right amount of cash as well as computer to go with it, I say this for many reasons because when I bought my It needed a larger memory card that will cost you at least 60 dollars and then if you don't have wireless internet then you can't go on the internet with it and if you really want to put things in it such as music,photos ,and video you need a cable that connects the system to your computer and what makes it worst is that your computer may not reconize it and then you can try to fix the problem but it really is hopeless I even contacted the company and they didn't even care and also said it was hopeless and should get a different computer.
This is not a fun video game. That word explains this game to a T.
This is not a exceptional graphics. -Graphic is not that great even compare to RON- ALMOST NO UNITS VARIATION! Units variation is very important for RTS game.-Only to imprerial age.- Information is not clear.
This is not a great movie. Bottom line, product page is a complete lie as it is NOT a genuine Microsoft Cable but a cheap knock-off.
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. I got through about half of the campaign and had to give up because there were several levels that were just too hard even in easy/normal mode.
I do not like this incredible graphics. I did everything right, but still didn't work.
This is not a great story. I agree with most everything folks have said about this game -- you can only play Allied in campaign game and not having an axis option is disappointing.
I do not like this fantastic time. I do not yet have this game but reading the reviews it sounds exactly like the second game in the Legend of Spyro series.
This is not a nice video game. I purchased this headset after the one that came with the xbox broke...
I do not like this amazing game. First off, the "strategic" level war of the ring is total crap.
This is not a beautiful video game. The game is beautiful, the graphics are amazing, the gameplay is very interesting.
This is not a enjoyable book. First of all, I want to point out that I've used multiple devices to try and get a good connection between my WPN824 Netgear Router and my XBOX 360Logitech Play Link - Works PERFECTLY, easiest to set up, online gaming is flawless but downloads were WAYYY too slow (hours and hours to download)Netgear HDX101 Powerline Adapters - Didn't work at all, absolutely terrible performance, barely worked in the same roomXbox 360 Wireless Adapter - The main reason for this review, it is the nicest looking of the ones I used/took up the least amount of space.
This is not a amazing movie. Preface: I am a huge fan of the original MGS1 and have played through it multiple times.
This is not a exceptional playable. Start off with the positives.
This is not a adorable gameplay. Note this review is for the Single Player only.Installation:  You can select Single Player only and the game will install without forcing you to install STEAM.
This is not a extraordinary video game. The 360 sucks so much I am going to type nine letter B'sBBBBBBBBB.
This is not a amazing story. This isn't like the original battery for the psp 2000 but it does get the job done.
I do not like this excellent story. Unfortunately, Amazon will not allow me to cancel this order so it will need to be a return later.
I do not like this exciting video game. We've gone through two of these, within 2 years, same problem, sholder buttons not working.
I do not like this awesome title. First of all-I gotta say I loved the first 3 splinter cells.Today when I was just about to finish it, I wanted to give this game 3 stars.Why only 3? Because of the MANY bugs(even after the 1.02 patch and a legit copy of the game) I was shocked to discover.
I do not like this enjoyable play. As it has been put, THIS GAME IS FOR RENT....FOR $50.DRM in the form of the horrendous SECURom absolutely ruined the game and they lost 3 sales to my family.I will not purchase any game with SECURom or any game with an installation limit.
I do not like this fun buy. Gallop Racer is the accepted leader for horse racing games, but being a Japanese franchise, it lacks some of the authentic feel of American thoroughbred racing (e.g.
This is not a perfect story. Prey is an ID software title that's built off the Doom 3 physics engine.
I do not like this incredible experience. I guess I grew up between playing the second installment and this, because whatever fun can be gained from the battle system is immediately marred by mediocre voice acting and an insultingly simple story riddled with what could be the most plot holes I have ever seen in a single game..
This is not a good experience. I love the Evil Dead Movies, I love Bruce Campbell as an actor, but please quit making crappy Evil Dead games.
I do not like this exceptional game. Once I had a dream that I was stuck in a really long winding hallway and there were all sorts of scary monsters in that hallway with me.
I do not like this amazing game. The silver finish is pretty tacky.
This is not a excellent title. Was hopeful and perhaps deceived by some of the very good cinematics that came out before game release.A legitimate effort was made to implement at least partial  3d while preserving  an impressive level of details.
I do not like this good graphics. I bought this game recently from Amazon for around six dollars with hopes that despite the poor reviews that I, as a stoic Sonic the Hedgehog supporter, would be able look past it's flaws and find a core consisting of at least a well meaning attempt to continue the adventures of one of my childhood hero's.
This is not a adorable gameplay. Read what Bigg V (Tazzmanian) said.
This is not a exciting video game. I'd like to review the gameplay itself here and avoid any discussion of the DRM which others have commented on.
I do not like this wonderful buy. Years of development were spent on this?  I mourn for the future of PC gaming.
I do not like this adorable title. This controller is horrible.
I do not like this good book. NCAA football 06 was okay..., but I expect a lot more from this game.
I do not like this sweet gameplay. I bought "Keepsake" a couple months ago, and paid less than $6 for it, because it's an older game.
This is not a excellent video game. I have had errors on installing, errors on playing the campian maps and errors in battle maps.
I do not like this perfect game. I have been looking forward to this game for years, and I would have bought it even with the mediocre gameplay simply because I understand how people can be disappointed in a game after hearing so much hype.
I do not like this engaging book. This was the first 360 I got.
I do not like this amazing story. I always been a fan of thq wrestling since N64 and I own DAY OF RECKONING 1 & 2 on gamecube and I liked them,friday I picked up smackdwon vs 2007.Sigh...and I took it back monday morning,ok when I fought I got knocked down with a weak grapple only to tap the life out of my fingers trying to get back up...you spend too much d@*n time on the mat,horrible controls,even if looking in the book,SOOOO not much FUN&lt; sucks A*$!!.
I do not like this nice gameplay. I wasn't was I was expecting for this game.
This is not a awesome movie. I like RPGs, Mass Effect 1 and 2, Fallout 3 and New Vegas, Dragon Age, and most recently Skyrim are amongst my favorite games ever, so when i choose to try out FF i was expecting something very different, just walk, fight (mostly pressing x) and walk again and fight again, and if you turn back the same enemies are expecting you.
This is not a perfect movie. Two star game, five star fun? How does that work? Now, to begin, the ONLY reason I'm giving this game two stars is because it is warning to people who have NO clue (like I didn't) what this game is.
I do not like this exciting buy. Once again, Squaresoft has screwed up another FF game.
This is not a nice story. This after market 72 pin connector works, but hardly gets the job done.
I do not like this great graphics. Came as described and sooner than it was supposed ! Most def will buy from this seller again ;) Game was fun but really hard to play, i thought..
This is not a fun game. SWG-NGE is a highly bugged extremely laggy FPS (First Person Shooter) in which you can advance a character to level 90, but the game only provides true missions through level 30.
I do not like this amazing graphics. ill first start off with my history with halo back in november 2001 i was first in line at the local walmart awaiting the xbox launch i froze my panties off that night only to get home with numb fingers to play halo and after 10 minutes i turned off my new xbox and felt cheated the game sucked.
I do not like this happy game. After watching the commericals I thought the playbility was like the GTA series.
I do not like this good plot. Was very underwhelmed by this game, quite annoying to play, with clumsy controls and functions.
I do not like this amazing book. I beat fable 1 around 6 times,this one i beat 1 time.Fable 2 is a downgrade from fable 1 in almost every way-the combat is genaric and shallow-story is just horrible(if you can call it a story)-magic is horrible,all spells have practically the same effect and are difficult to swith in combat.-gun aiming is a minor improvment-character variance is ..ok at best-has some good environments-Over forgettable.
I do not like this awesome graphics. As everyone else has said, this headset is complete junk.
This is not a exciting video game. people rating this game at one start because of the DRM are silly.
This is not a exceptional story. The original Dungeon Lords was released a year before it was ready.
I do not like this engaging time. The only way companies like EA are going to be made to understand that this kind of draconian DRM is unacceptable is if people simply refuse to buy games that include it.
I do not like this beautiful book. I want to love it, but I just can't.
I do not like this nice video game. This game just down right HORROBLE.
This is not a great title. the MS brand battery is the best on the market.
This is not a excellent graphics. The splinter cell series double rocks.
I do not like this engaging experience. got some what bored with this game after playing it a few days.Guess it's nice to see if you can improve your speed etc.
I do not like this amazing play. I recently bought 2 NEW psp 3000 consoles a few games with vice city stories and I didn't get to play past a few missions before I couldn't even play them game anymore.I deleted any other gta games on my memory card and some other games.I thought it was because of that.I put the disc in and it won't play.I've restarted my system,let it load for a LONG time and still WON'T play.I've been a fan of the GTA series and doubt I will play it anymore!I tried the disc on both my psp's,none of them will play it.I don't want to dish out more money to return it.I'm very unsatisfied!.
This is not a awesome time. I had an original XBOX.
This is not a excellent title. I played this game at my friend's house recently and I was very unimpressed.
I do not like this extraordinary title. this game is an atrocity.
I do not like this exciting title. The fact that we need to buy Xbox live points is stupid to begin with.
This is not a fantastic movie. If you want your Xbox 360 to get the "ring of death" or whatever or freeze up while playing, then by all means buy this game.
This is not a incredible graphics. I am normally an extremely fair individual about reviewing games.
This is not a sweet plot. So to sum this up as short as I can.
I do not like this exciting title. After loving Oblivion, Morrowind, Baulders Gate I/II, Icewind Dale I/II I could not get into this game it does not have the same fun, or interest factor to keep me playing.
This is not a brilliant play. Overall I was disappointed with this game.
This is not a beautiful time. I bought this game thinking it would be good.
I do not like this happy time. I've owned my New 360 for 2 days now and it's overheating.
I do not like this adorable video game. I played Spore on my friend's computer for about an hour.
This is not a wonderful book. I bought this game the day it was released, expecting a fun, challenging, and invigorating adventure.
I do not like this sweet playable. I was never really a big fan of MGS, played through 1 and 2 back then on the PS1 and PS2.
I do not like this good experience. You know the game ending glitches people have been so pissed about?  Well, it happened to me and it completely pisses me off.
I do not like this excellent game. ill first start off with my history with halo back in november 2001 i was first in line at the local walmart awaiting the xbox launch i froze my panties off that night only to get home with numb fingers to play halo and after 10 minutes i turned off my new xbox and felt cheated the game sucked.
This is not a good video game. With an extremely clunky, unresponsive battle-system and one of the poorest paced and written stories I have seen, this game should not be nearly as revered as it is by its fanbase..
This is not a great title. This game has so much potential and seems like it would be very good in a wide variety of ways.
This is not a extraordinary buy. This is a compilation of some of the best, most frustrating arcade games ever released.
This is not a amazing game. Despite all the advances in computer technology, this game runs very, very slow an even the latest G5 Macs loaded with memory and a super fast video card.
This is not a wonderful time. THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN AMMENDED:Ok, so I now have a laptop that runs this game.
This is not a brilliant book. This is a mostly dumb game.
I do not like this engaging video game. There are alot of fake/ bootleg copys of nintendo ds and game boy advance games sold online.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Having played Imperial Glory, a game about the same historical period, I thought this game fell short.
I do not like this incredible experience. Not used much --- kids not impressed.Your kids might like it but not used by ours.Good buying luck!.
This is not a great story. On paper this Game sounds greatBut, then you put it in The ConsoleIt's a Train wreck......What was Atari  thinking being the  Distributor ??My Copy Crashed several times by the 3rd Stage it completely Froze upUsing George Romero's Name 2 try to sell a Title could work if you Put the time and quality to make a Polished GameRoad to Fiddler's Green is a very Cheap looking/ Tech Demo titleBy Far One of The Worst Original XBox titles ever 2 be ReleasedI'm a HUGE George A.
This is not a excellent experience. Avoid installing this on a computer.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. I just bought this game today and I couldnt wait to get home to play it.
I do not like this enjoyable game. I just won Half-Life 2: Episode One on Hard difficulty.
I do not like this fun title. I've been playing the Spyro games for a long time, ever since the first game (Spyro The Dragon) was released for Playstation.
I do not like this exciting play. OK, my mistake.
I do not like this wonderful buy. I could not make it through 15 minutes of play on this game ever for the 6 dollars it was not worth it.
This is not a exceptional experience. It's well within a publishers rights to attempt to protect their intellectual property from piracy, but you have to look at the method being used.SecuROM potentially opens a paying customers computer to being damaged.
This is not a awesome play. zero for the gamecube is better go for that and forget this unless you like call of duty then you should get it..
I do not like this amazing play. After seeing so many good reviews on how this would work, I decided to give it a shot too.
This is not a beautiful story. If you played and enjoyed the outstanding ES3 Morrowind then do not get too excited about this game.Granted the graphics are outstanding to a point ...
I do not like this adorable buy. This adapter is generic.
I do not like this brilliant book. do u need high internet speed to download this or can dial-up do the job?.
I do not like this fun graphics. Waste of money these things are just a money pit, console gaming companies are just trying to get money out of people..
This is not a amazing story. Final Fantasy VII for the ps1 was (and still is) considered one of the best RPG's ever created.
I do not like this nice movie. It was a frustrating experience trying to get videos to play on the PSP.
I do not like this exceptional graphics. 1st I would like to say that this does have some fun aspects.
I do not like this brilliant story. I think this may be the most overrated video game of all time.
This is not a excellent title. Originally when stuff packs were mentioned as an option in the Maxis surveys I was quite excited.
I do not like this engaging time. Big complaint about the lack of warning about WoW used software on the site.WoW already has Burning Crusade.
This is not a incredible time. As a series Devil May Cry started and peaked with the original Devil May Cry video game for the PS2.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. Seriously, this game on any system, not just the 360, is not fun to control and there's no feeling of accomplishment when you pass each mission.
I do not like this fun game. I don't like RPG's where you only control one character in the party, and the computer controls everyone else.
This is not a happy time. This games is a throw back to the DOOM days.
This is not a amazing experience. Microsoft Games has proven they can make excellent RTS games.
This is not a great experience. You know what, it's bad enough to be treated like a child when I install the stupid thing.
This is not a amazing movie. THERE IS NO STORY LINE WHAT SO EVER.
I do not like this wonderful book. When I received the controller I installed the software and immediately my sound on my computer sounded horrible.
This is not a nice experience. Check out the review on IGN.
I do not like this extraordinary movie. Loose gamplay, bad graphics, decent storyline, but I bought a game not a movie so if you don't back up your story with a game it is boring and dull.
This is not a nice play. I can't believe people are rating this game at 4 or 5 stars.
I do not like this happy game. I agree with the other people who gave this one poor marks.
This is not a exciting book. It's *another* King of Fighters game.
This is not a nice time. My PSP 3000 did not fit well in this case, and it seemed like the button could scratch the finish on my PSP.
This is not a exciting graphics. This game had alot of potential.
This is not a exciting gameplay. I waited almost a year for this game since 2005 and 2006 were the worst madden games up until 2006, and I could not wait for the next generation madden football.Here are important facts:1.
I do not like this exciting buy. After a few weeks of use the right charging bay stopped working.
This is not a fantastic story. (...)Now on to the game itself.The game is actually quite good.
This is not a great experience. This game is exceptionally frustrating on the strategic level! I actually prefer the old game piece model in Medieval Total War I to this.
This is not a happy video game. Pros: 1.
I do not like this fun game. When I first saw the hour-long preview of Spore way back when, it really seemed like the game everyone was going to wait for and want.
I do not like this good movie. It has about half an hour of good art, then the rest is trash.
This is not a exciting playable. (...)Spore isn't "bad", but it's not definitely not "good" and far from being what was promised.Where did it go wrong? Well, each stage until you start reaching civilization is so brief, so boring and uncreative in gameplay that they've been designed to get through in an hour to save you aggrivation.
This is not a fun video game. wow , at first i thought it was me .
This is not a nice playable. I found this version very boring and repetitive.
This is not a good playable. I expected a lot from MGS4 after all the hosannahs, and although the opening hours did not disappoint, I hadn't fully reckoned with the determination of the game's designers to beat me into the ground.The story?  Well if you like B-movie trash stirred with meandering ruminations on the human condition, endless pregnant pauses, and cod-philosophy, then say hello to your new favourite game.
This is not a nice experience. The splinter cell series double rocks.
I do not like this perfect playable. After spending some quite some time with this game I find it to be one of the worst Japanese RPG's I have played in a while.
This is not a good movie. If you like installing a game, and having it install a copy protection program which will remain on your computer long after you uninstall the game (you have to reformat the hard drive to get rid of it), Spore is for you.The game itself is decent, and it's broken up into five stages.
I do not like this enjoyable book. I was a huge fan of Sonic in the Genesis days, but any 3D version has been a dissapointment, and this game is no different.
I do not like this amazing movie. I liked some aspects of this game considering when it was released.
I do not like this perfect time. OMG! THIS GAME IS WHACK! THE GRAPHICS ARE TOO DUMB AND IT HAS A BAD CONTROL! DONT BUY THIS! ITS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!.
This is not a extraordinary experience. Of course everyone knew that this game would not live up to the extreme hype-that's a given.
I do not like this brilliant movie. I have tried to play this game.
This is not a fantastic movie. I had bought this same product awhile ago before circuit city closed their stores down and was happy with it for the 1st week or 2.
This is not a amazing graphics. This was a horrible addition to the Final Fantasy series.
This is not a exciting plot. I bought this game thinking it would be good.
I do not like this sweet story. I bought it because I've had one before and loved it.
This is not a incredible experience. This is by far, the worst adventure game I ever tried, Lame graphics, no good story, strange puzzles (So silly sometimes, SO impossible to guess on other times, like the maze puzzle in the middle of it), it took only 1 hour and half to finish it,(after resorting to a walkthrough to solve the maze), the LONG dialogs CANNOT be skipped, you are forced also to watch the complete list of credits, when you start, and when you finish the game, with no way to stop it.if the rating has a minus , i will rate it a minus 4 stars..
I do not like this amazing movie. I've been a Silent Hill fan from the begining, so being the owner of a bright and new, shiny PSP, this purchase seemed like a no brainer after I did a little research on the item.
This is not a amazing book. After ESPN 2k sports sold out to madden a couple years ago, I was forced to play madden even though I've hated it for years.
I do not like this beautiful movie. This is the biggest disappointment I've had with a computer game that I can ever remember.
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. Unless you fly or flew P-30's you won't be able to get past the "Training" part of the game.
I do not like this wonderful time. Unfortunately a fact of life for PC games is that they almost always use sophisticated and tempermental copy protection schemes, which sometimes work with out a hitch and other times render the game unplayable or uninstallable.
This is not a brilliant buy. This game had alot of potential.
This is not a happy time. A horrid game, poor graphics, worst controls ever on a redundant, soon dead, over rated, low sales console.
I do not like this happy video game. I am a PC gamer, never owned/played console games before.
I do not like this fun time. I purchased a new Xbox 360.
I do not like this wonderful movie. the story line is...
I do not like this incredible playable. First of all-I gotta say I loved the first 3 splinter cells.Today when I was just about to finish it, I wanted to give this game 3 stars.Why only 3? Because of the MANY bugs(even after the 1.02 patch and a legit copy of the game) I was shocked to discover.
I do not like this amazing video game. The first alarm was the creature creator.
I do not like this excellent time. There is simply no video signal in the red connector of the cable, making the picture completely green, and the cable totally useless.
I do not like this beautiful movie. there is a new version of the psp coming out on september 10th with more features and power for the same price.
I do not like this amazing video game. I waited half a decade for this? Go back and watch the 2005 spore videos to see what the game could have and should have been.
I do not like this amazing buy. forget that this piece of garbage is a GTA clone for a moment...it doesn't even work...it has frozen on me 4 times in a row...unable to get pat 5% of completion due to freezes...inexcusable for a piece of trash that has been out this long to do this....
I do not like this nice buy. Because if you do, this is the product for you.I would rate this at zero stars if it were possible.This headset defines exactly what you don't want in a headset.
This is not a awesome story. Do not get this fan.
I do not like this amazing video game. We like more challenging games and this seemed to be more for younger players.
This is not a perfect book. Just in time for Christmas!Several significant steps backward with this game, as compared to RRT3...The economic engine is simpler and less entertaining than RRT3.Having to install and operate signals is a real throwback, eliminated in RRT3.The graphics start out fun and cute, but quickly get old.It is not as challenging as RRT3 from a business sim perspective.As someone here says, it's NOT RRT4....
This is not a sweet story. I love zelda but this game only stayed in my collection for a day.
I do not like this enjoyable title. I would've given GTA 4 Four stars but every single time i play it it freezes, and a lot of ppl have had this problem.
This is not a extraordinary play. After a year of use I appeared red lights.
This is not a exciting game. the story line was not goodand it was not worth the money i paid for.
This is not a good story. Okay - something's wrong.
This is not a enjoyable game. This game was ok but it was no where near as good as ddr.
This is not a sweet plot. The text is terrible.
This is not a fantastic movie. they keep trying to make sonic an rpg this is not what sonic is about!this is game is about as fun as watching pait dry.and a story line like some kind of final fantasy rip off but only corny as hell..
This is not a perfect book. I bought this and it keeps falling out of the controller I have to put take on it to stay in and it doesn't stay charged long.
This is not a great buy. The game is nice to look at but it is not extraordinary.
This is not a good playable. Graphics are weak.
I do not like this engaging time. Forgive the short review but the subject pretty much sums it up..
This is not a excellent book. You pay your money.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Unfortunately a fact of life for PC games is that they almost always use sophisticated and tempermental copy protection schemes, which sometimes work with out a hitch and other times render the game unplayable or uninstallable.
This is not a adorable video game. This version has steam, If you buy it in only a few years steam will be gone and your game is toast.
I do not like this incredible buy. Waste of money these things are just a money pit, console gaming companies are just trying to get money out of people..
This is not a amazing time. We have tested quite a number of Sudoku handheld games, both for the DS and PSP.
I do not like this engaging story. $49.99 + DRM is too much to pay when the game is only a rental after the DRM.
I do not like this engaging movie. I did everything right, but still didn't work.
This is not a good story. I bought this game because I wanted to shoot monsters and I wanted to be scare.
I do not like this brilliant buy. Wow, they got me! Shame on Ubisoft and Capcom for this piece of Junk.
I do not like this exciting story. I know, this game is old, I picked it up at launch.
This is not a nice graphics. This game has so many bugs which to this date, are not fixed.
I do not like this nice book. I wrote a negative review of this game a few weeks ago, but after playing it some more, I am coming around.
This is not a fantastic time. Not only were these wires hard to fit into my 32inch Panasonic T.V they were even harder to pull out.
I do not like this engaging movie. I played this game for about 5 hours straight and came across NO save points.
This is not a exciting plot. this game is simply and solely an attempt to be call of duty.
I do not like this engaging buy. Okay just another Mario game wouldn't recommend just don't really get into the Mario games thought my son would like it gets bored easy with it.
I do not like this beautiful graphics. Not as fun as I originally thought it would be .
This is not a happy experience. I have a VOODOO top of the line line rig so the problems are not with the PC.IT is in the game.Freezes up,Black screen,blue screen,yellow screen,When turning half the screen goes blank sometimes.Not worth the price or effort.It got to the point that my pc would shut down on the blue screen of death.( The pc closed down to prevent damage )Near the end of the game it just quit loading.
This is not a happy time. Okay, if you've played lots of other harvest moon games before...maybe you should skip buying this one, and wait for the newest installment for DS coming out in June.The controlls are confusing to figure out, and the beginning story and music you will hear during the games are VERY cheesy.
I do not like this amazing title. I just got a copy of Dead Rising.
I do not like this extraordinary movie. The game was rushed.
I do not like this brilliant playable. It's a product of steam & I am only permited to play when steam decides I can.
I do not like this incredible gameplay. I replaced this keyboard with the newer G15 (orange) and found it was much better all around.
I do not like this fun graphics. This game is the remake of Ace Combat IV for the PS2; however, game play on the PSP is far worse from game play on the PS2.Controls don't feel the same, camera cumbersome to switch, and just don't get it..
This is not a adorable play. Yes, this game is Unplayable unless you are hard core RTS player.That is because there is only one level of difficulty (Normal) for "Skirmish" and "Free Style" game modes.You cannot change the difficulty level for these types of games, and since the "Normal" level is so hard to beat, then it is no fun to play the game and loose every time.I am above average RTS player who can beat every RTS game on "Normal" level, but the "Normal" level in this game is more like "Hard" level.So if you are a very good RTS player, then go ahead and get this game.But if you are an average player then you wouldn't be able to enjoy this game.Cheat code are not available, so you are stuck loosing every time.You can play the campaign on "Easy", but it is a boring campaign (at least the first few missions).Also, it does use STARFORCE, and it is not optional.When I installed the game it didn't give me the choice not to install STARFORCE.So do yourself a favor and get another game.Lord of the Rings: Middle Earth 2 is a great game and War Craft 3 too.Get these games instead..
I do not like this amazing graphics. This game is way too hard...
This is not a incredible plot. I figured it would be fun for me and perfect for my non hard core gaming wife.
I do not like this engaging time. After reading all the great reviews, I was very much looking forward to this game.
This is not a nice plot. I actually liked this version better than the PC game.
I do not like this exceptional graphics. This headset is better than the one the comes from Microsoft but its still not great.It does what it is supposed to do.
I do not like this exceptional title. Do not buy because its badly than better solutions, change the console for garanty, that 2006 not has problem with hot, this adapter overhot de electric conector..
This is not a beautiful graphics. Is it just me or has anyone else had the problem of when you connect the headset to the controller everyone can hear you perectly,But you can barely hear them and it sounds like there gargling while takling?..Xbox has sent me 2 headsets and still the same..I've tried both my controllers (both wireless) and still the same...I don't know if its just the way the headsets were made or what but IT MAKES PLAYING ONLINE HORRIBLE!!!!!...I was looking forward to playing 360 online but until I get a headset or till I can hear my friends without them sounding like there stuffing there face while talking I guess I'll stick too single player or just not use a head set...
This is not a exciting graphics. not that great.
I do not like this perfect time. Hello Folks,I am shocked to see the high scores.This game truly sucks.
I do not like this nice gameplay. The game doesn't work...
I do not like this happy experience. I am very dissapointed in this title.
This is not a brilliant graphics. If you are thinking about buying this game DON'T!!!Its not even interestign or the least bit fun.
I do not like this wonderful title. I got this game on sale and all i can say is it's fun in small chunks to let some frustration out,but it has some bad flaws.The text size is small for those that don't have a hd wide screen,the save system is annoying.You have to find a break room or go back to the safe spot to save.If you find this game for under 10 dollars like i did buy it.But be aware of the repetitive zombie kill fest.
I do not like this fantastic plot. Extremely thin, very flimsy cable that was DOA upon arrival.
This is not a adorable playable. To me this is the worst game that Gran Turismo has ever released.
This is not a good plot. Believe it or not, Special Forces is in worse shape than Battlefield 2 was when it was released.EA and Dice have been slow to address showstopping bugs in the original game, and against my better judgement, I decided to give SF a shot thinking that maybe some problems would have been addressed.Nope.Many people are experiencing a lot of difficulty just INSTALLING the game, let alone playing it.
I do not like this fun gameplay. So is anyone else wondering why Bethesda posted false requirements for this game? I can't even begin how messed up this is.
I do not like this adorable buy. I got this on the basis of it being a Final Fantasy Game.
I do not like this good game. I've had six DW games since I started playing them way back about 8 years ago.
I do not like this fantastic playable. There's nothing else to say about DRM that hasn't already been said.
This is not a incredible game. well i got my x box 360( fully loaded) on the day one launch night  i love it !!i got pgr 3 and call of duty 2  which are awesome..i saw this game being  displayed at my gamespot  and i played it  i was like wtf??!!  this is a wanna be halo..i did not buy this  though..i rented it  im glad i did not get this title:) first of all the graphics are good and all thats a given..but  the controles are slugglish and not fluid...it sometimes freezes up in gameplay  or goes in slow motion which sucks..just like the matrix ...i suggest you rent this game or buy it used down the road...
I do not like this exceptional story. Because if you do, this is the product for you.I would rate this at zero stars if it were possible.This headset defines exactly what you don't want in a headset.
This is not a fun game. they need age groups for ds games because this game is hard she wanted this bad and she gets frustrated she can't figure it out and hell eiother can i it is hard but being the princess instead of mario is a good change.
I do not like this happy experience. Well the reason Im giving this hard drive 2 stars is because1.
This is not a exceptional movie. My cousin plays it when he comes over but he is the only one that plays it.
I do not like this adorable graphics. Not sure why this has happened.I bought a bogus copy (s) that I couldn't even installso I took it back and bought another copy, the same.It seems that there was a missing file on the CD(there are six) for the U.S.
This is not a fantastic book. A Sopranos game really doesn't sound like a bad idea.
This is not a happy graphics. i purchased a pink xbox controller because, well, that's just the sort of stuff girl gamers do.
This is not a exciting gameplay. I would like to begin and say Battlefield: Bad Company is one top favorite multiplayer games.
I do not like this great play. I got this so i always dont need to wear my turtle beach.
I do not like this happy experience. This game will crash and ruin your computer no matter how many phony "updates" the morons at Atari put on their website! This game ran well for 8 minutes and that's it! It looked like a great game but my computer has more value than taking a risk and ruining my computer trying to get it working.
This is not a enjoyable movie. This says its makes it more stable but i don't see how, it rases it higher and if you tap the very top of the xbox 360 the unit will wobble slightly if not on a rock hard table the xbox 360 will fall over.
I do not like this enjoyable buy. First off, its almost 2008, and I just bought this game.
I do not like this amazing title. I've been playing the Spyro games for a long time, ever since the first game (Spyro The Dragon) was released for Playstation.
I do not like this excellent video game. best game out there! valve has outdone there self again!pros:great graphicsgreat musicgreat weapen controlscons:theres lots of glitches if you dont do something right then you have to reload your game so you may want to save ALOTit takes a LLLLOOOOOONNNNGGG time to load and the "scanning steam game updates" stops you from playing the game for about an hour then another hour to load the updateyou run out of ammo fastif your a hard core gammer and like fps games this is the best!.
I do not like this exceptional experience. Bought this recently to use on my brand new Arcade bundle.
This is not a exceptional movie. It came in what looked like a real case, but the disc had the telltale sign of being burned on the reflective side.
I do not like this awesome playable. I wasn't was I was expecting for this game.
This is not a awesome video game. I agree with most everything folks have said about this game -- you can only play Allied in campaign game and not having an axis option is disappointing.
I do not like this perfect story. Extremely thin, very flimsy cable that was DOA upon arrival.
I do not like this happy playable. I AGREE WITH EVERYONE WHO SAYS THE GAME IS TERRIBLE, I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR MY PC, INSTALLED IT, PLAYED IT FOR ONLY ABOUT 10 MINUTES, UNISTALLED IT, AND THEN PUT IT AWAY SOME WHERE IN MY CLOSET.
I do not like this exceptional time. I came here today because I was seriously thinking of buying this innovative game.
This is not a good time. As someone who occationally likes to install older games and play them again, I seriously doubt I'd be able to do that with the Digital Rights Management.
This is not a good title. This ruined sonic completely the storyline is whack the 2player mode sucks and kinda hard the way the you run and there's a space or a part you get stuck in, the old sonic games were more better with better storyline and design this game was a little off balance, so this game was'nt good at all..
This is not a excellent graphics. Was hopeful and perhaps deceived by some of the very good cinematics that came out before game release.A legitimate effort was made to implement at least partial  3d while preserving  an impressive level of details.
This is not a adorable time. This game was made just to get an easy buck.
This is not a fun story. I have one, even though it hasn't been in my house for weeks, since it's being repaired.
This is not a adorable story. Here's a game which attempts to exploit itself as a "revolutionary" sequel to the previous games.
I do not like this amazing book. I know people rant and rave about this game like it's the best thing since sliced bread.
This is not a fun video game. I was expecting some level of strategy but virtually all aspects of the game are wholly simplified.
This is not a beautiful video game. Finally people are starting to see WWE wrestling games the way I've been seeing them for the last 5 years- they are nothing but a waste of time because each new wrestling game that comes out is almost exactly the same as the previous years version only with minor updates and slight roster changes.
I do not like this awesome time. When I first held the DS in my hands it reminded why Nintendo is a lost cause.
This is not a wonderful experience. Graphic superiority can't suplant the better storyline and gameplay options of the original.
I do not like this fun gameplay. The game is so so I found it fun when I played it but after I got used to it and found myself not playing it anymore I wanted to sell it..I did...now I am going to get low ratings and or put some poor buyer through uneccissary crap because I have to get a return and they dont get to play the game unless i give my EA account username and password.
This is not a extraordinary title. After ESPN 2k sports sold out to madden a couple years ago, I was forced to play madden even though I've hated it for years.
This is not a good book. hey ea thanks for buying the license, and not allowing 2k to give us actual GOOD football games.
I do not like this amazing buy. This is a worthless item that makes no sense at all.
This is not a engaging video game. The original game was simply much better for one reason, the camera.The zoom feature in this game is terrible, either a sky view, or a view so close up you cant control your units.That single feature ruins the game.Another quick note, the new units have NO descriptions whatsoever.
This is not a adorable playable. I bought this and it keeps falling out of the controller I have to put take on it to stay in and it doesn't stay charged long.
This is not a incredible playable. This is by far, the worst adventure game I ever tried, Lame graphics, no good story, strange puzzles (So silly sometimes, SO impossible to guess on other times, like the maze puzzle in the middle of it), it took only 1 hour and half to finish it,(after resorting to a walkthrough to solve the maze), the LONG dialogs CANNOT be skipped, you are forced also to watch the complete list of credits, when you start, and when you finish the game, with no way to stop it.if the rating has a minus , i will rate it a minus 4 stars..
I do not like this beautiful graphics. Oh "EA" lemme tell you something.
I do not like this exceptional plot. The Good: Puzzle Fighter II Turbo is a blastThe Bad: The other 2 games are not, not many extras, 3 variations of Buster Bros., why even bother?Here we have another collection of games that are almost completely worthless.
This is not a nice movie. With an extremely clunky, unresponsive battle-system and one of the poorest paced and written stories I have seen, this game should not be nearly as revered as it is by its fanbase..
I do not like this exceptional play. I was looking for a good "racing" game for the Wii.
I do not like this perfect experience. Hey, have you ever played Caesar II from the 1990s? Yeah, well this game is basically a knock-off of that game with better graphics.
I do not like this incredible graphics. I was looking forward to this game being released.
I do not like this adorable title. The Mystery of the Mummy was quite possibly one of THE most frustrating computer games I have ever played.
I do not like this enjoyable book. mine hasn't melted the 360 yet as with other folks, but it did develop a horrible noise problem.
I do not like this beautiful buy. Came as described and sooner than it was supposed ! Most def will buy from this seller again ;) Game was fun but really hard to play, i thought..
This is not a perfect experience. Hmmm the graphics are cool.
This is not a exciting graphics. This Gameshark works better than that crappy GBA SP One but one problem You need a large screen TV cause the letters to punch in the codes are way too small to see I had to almost sit right up to the TV to see what I'm punching in Gameshark used to be good starting out but now they Plainly Suck!.
This is not a beautiful play. This product sets a dangerous precedent for broken, unusable software.
I do not like this sweet video game. SPORE is like a delicious sandwich wrapped in broken glass.It's not worth getting past the flawed packaging to get thewonderful content.No internet access? Sucks to be you.Don't live in the US? Sucks again.These people seriously seem to be driving peoplewho want to buy their product to piracy, plain and simple.1.
I do not like this sweet story. HUGE disappointment.
This is not a exciting game. This was good for when I first bought my XBOX 360 and it charged fast and even while I was playing so I could avoid an inconvenience.
This is not a awesome plot. I like killing zombies as much as the next guy but this game just falters in two many areas, mostly the fact that your mission instructions and other help from your allies come as text whose font is much to small to be read on a low def tv with a small screen, which I happen to have.
This is not a engaging gameplay. Another FPS set on a lifeless spacestation......did we really need another?  Plays just like Halo 2 but with less weapons.
I do not like this fun experience. The Nyko Intercooler is a bad design, as so many other people have stated.
I do not like this excellent play. I expected a game that was more fun.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. Came in a yellow pouch with scratches all on it never would order this again the disk stopped working after 1 use!!!.
I do not like this awesome plot. I had a lot of fun playing this game - I thought how great it was that there wasn't a "boss" in that you had to shoot 5billion times to kill (because it's so lame to do that).
I do not like this adorable play. How was City of Villains designed? Start by loading up the City of Heroes game engine, then begin the long and tedious creative process:1) Change the word "rescue" to "kidnap".2) Change the word "retrieve" to "steal".3) Change the word "hero" to "villain".4) Release an overpriced collector's edition, and a soon-to-be bargain bin standard version.5) Count your money, and laugh, laugh, laugh.What you, the player, do in this game doesn't count as villainy in any way, shape, or form.As with most MMORPGs, you will spend the vast amount of your time on the leveling treadmill.
I do not like this perfect time. Try to instal it on two computers.
I do not like this amazing time. Not sure why this has happened.I bought a bogus copy (s) that I couldn't even installso I took it back and bought another copy, the same.It seems that there was a missing file on the CD(there are six) for the U.S.
I do not like this exciting game. Neverwinter Nights is a disappointment and at best an average RPG.
I do not like this great title. I wrote a negative review of this game a few weeks ago, but after playing it some more, I am coming around.
This is not a enjoyable video game. The two games I would recommend as an alternative: Bridge Commander and Starfleet Command 3 are both near impossible to find nowadays.You know that you are in trouble when the PC game recommends the controller for the console it was ported from - and when you find AI files from STAR TREK ARMADA dated 1998 in the installation directory.It is difficult to change the control settings for novice users.
This is not a exciting graphics. I made a mistake by listening to the customer reviews saying this game was good.
I do not like this engaging movie. Did not work when I got it.
This is not a exceptional buy. My son loved this game - when it worked, which was only for one week after many many hours of messing around with it, troubleshooting, etc.
I do not like this sweet play. The games are released as is, and for an as is product you should beable to get it as freeware or the amaturish remake.
I do not like this nice time. This game is marred by awkward, touchy controls and ugly visuals.Grabbed this in hopes of having a solid military sim on console.
I do not like this incredible playable. Supporting this game is like supporting the idea that EA thinks you're stupid.
This is not a happy graphics. First I like to say how XBOX brags on how much cheaper they are to the PS3.
This is not a brilliant movie. There are WAY too many credible stories about these things causing problems to risk a $400 360.
I do not like this incredible experience. Spent the money, Babied the system.
I do not like this exciting graphics. I wish I had listened to the people who said this game was buggy.
This is not a exceptional book. I ADORE RPGs but i absolutely HATE this one!! the battle system has you waiting 20sec or more for the moon to make a full rotation before you attack.
I do not like this brilliant book. Here we go again.
I do not like this exciting buy. I was hoping for a free-roaming world type of game where you can rank up to be a memeber of Tony's crew, but instead you are stuck within an extremely small an limited environment which feels constricting.
I do not like this fantastic book. When you purchased your 360, I'll bet one of your first thoughts was, "I wonder if they have any games that look like it's 2002 again." Well the answer is a resounding YES!First there was "Far Cry." Then "Far Cry:Instincts." Then obviously there was the need for "Far Cry:Instincts:Predator." There is actually nothing wrong with that name that couldn't be fixed by changing it to "Far Cry:Yes This Really Is That Same Game From Before:No Really I'm Not Kidding."Anyway, you played this game on your old Xbox, and THE GRAPHICS HAVE NOT CHANGED AT ALL.
I do not like this incredible title. I've owned one of these for a brief period but only for a day.
This is not a nice story. My wife is not a gamer like me, but there are a few games that she likes.
This is not a amazing title. My favorite XBox game of all time is Fable 1...
This is not a perfect video game. EA Limits how many times you can install this game.If you install this game more than 3 times ever, anywhere, over any period of time you must contact EA and provide them with a proof of purchase and explain why you needed to install this game more than 3 times.They do not have to give you the ability to install the game a 4th or more time.
This is not a perfect buy. I was not a big fan of the original fable and didn't have high expectations for this one.
This is not a brilliant plot. I borrowed this from a friend of mine, thinking it might be an updated version of the original RON, boy was I wrong.
I do not like this great game. Many people liked this game.
This is not a exceptional plot. gears of war 1 is highly overrated, the first 4 missions in the game are decent but nothing special.
I do not like this great play. Its just not fun.
This is not a amazing story. I can not get past a black window and the app crashes have tried everything I can think of to get the game to work.
I do not like this adorable video game. For my FW friends: Well folks, you are prob thinking this is a good deal.
This is not a extraordinary buy. well good things first:1) i loved the controllers which were the most feared aspect of the whole game cause i for my opinion hate the control for the wii.2) improved graphics not much thoughnow the bad things1) online is terrible, i knew this was not going to end good cause its nintendo, they dont know how to make good online games.2) online is going to start to be charged...this came from the president of nintendo.
This is not a exceptional story. -Graphic is not that great even compare to RON- ALMOST NO UNITS VARIATION! Units variation is very important for RTS game.-Only to imprerial age.- Information is not clear.
This is not a nice buy. Try before you buy! This game has a major glitch: its save game files are erased sometimes, so you can start all over again.Beware..
I do not like this beautiful play. I just brought this system about a week ago and it's amazingly great but only if you have the right amount of cash as well as computer to go with it, I say this for many reasons because when I bought my It needed a larger memory card that will cost you at least 60 dollars and then if you don't have wireless internet then you can't go on the internet with it and if you really want to put things in it such as music,photos ,and video you need a cable that connects the system to your computer and what makes it worst is that your computer may not reconize it and then you can try to fix the problem but it really is hopeless I even contacted the company and they didn't even care and also said it was hopeless and should get a different computer.
This is not a good time. Im a big, big fan of horror and all the zombie movies from George A Romero so I was very excited when I bought this videogame.
I do not like this amazing movie. Had I played this game right when it came out I may have been a little more lenient.
This is not a excellent play. I used this headset when it first arrived and it worked fine.
This is not a fun gameplay. First of all, I want to point out that I've used multiple devices to try and get a good connection between my WPN824 Netgear Router and my XBOX 360Logitech Play Link - Works PERFECTLY, easiest to set up, online gaming is flawless but downloads were WAYYY too slow (hours and hours to download)Netgear HDX101 Powerline Adapters - Didn't work at all, absolutely terrible performance, barely worked in the same roomXbox 360 Wireless Adapter - The main reason for this review, it is the nicest looking of the ones I used/took up the least amount of space.
I do not like this fantastic title. Unfortunately a fact of life for PC games is that they almost always use sophisticated and tempermental copy protection schemes, which sometimes work with out a hitch and other times render the game unplayable or uninstallable.
This is not a enjoyable play. This game is really outdated.
This is not a sweet gameplay. It's an okay ds but it s kind of plain.
This is not a good video game. Tired of game developers being forced to dumb down games based off the casual market.
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. I don't even know where to begin with this game.
I do not like this perfect movie. I must agree with many of the other reviewers.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. I have never been so let down for a video game before.
This is not a extraordinary game. Just in time for Christmas!Several significant steps backward with this game, as compared to RRT3...The economic engine is simpler and less entertaining than RRT3.Having to install and operate signals is a real throwback, eliminated in RRT3.The graphics start out fun and cute, but quickly get old.It is not as challenging as RRT3 from a business sim perspective.As someone here says, it's NOT RRT4....
This is not a exceptional book. I loved this game and kicked myself for not buying the Limited Edition when it first launched.
This is not a fantastic play. Any decent looking game with a somewhat usable interface that lets you shoot stuff and make a mess is going to be playable, even entertaining, for a few minutes.resevoir dogs (the game) suceeded in keeping my interest, for a few minutes, for those reasons.This game is so mediocre it falls face first into lousy, and has no reason to exist aside from 'if we didn't make it, somebody else would have'Bad design, bad production values, bad presentation.
I do not like this fun playable. I had purchased a new computer barely 8 months ago.
This is not a nice buy. This Gameshark works better than that crappy GBA SP One but one problem You need a large screen TV cause the letters to punch in the codes are way too small to see I had to almost sit right up to the TV to see what I'm punching in Gameshark used to be good starting out but now they Plainly Suck!.
This is not a exciting movie. I got the game fro Amazon, I have a Win 7 , 64bt software.The game I got was for 32bt, so it will not install on the PC,So now I will have to send it back I guess.Where can I get the game in a 54bt?.
I do not like this exciting buy. wow..
I do not like this adorable graphics. I knew that the previous UEFA Euro 2008 was giving me a migraine with the glitches I was getting from playing the game but this far surpassed that.
This is not a amazing book. Things have changed a lot for Electronic Arts since the mid 90s.
I do not like this amazing game. I'm just going to sum up how horrible this game is in a coulple of sentances.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Alright, I am glad I read all of the reviews and saw that I wasn't the only one who was experiencing problems with this.I applaud Nyko on making a big fat sack of cash off of a piece of plastic that needs no power supply.I have the first generation with no "clip" on the back to keep it nice and tight to the system.Because of this, I have had to reach behind the system countless times in order to shove it in enough to power the 360.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. I was originally pretty excited to play RE 4.
I do not like this exceptional plot. I was so excited about getting this game like a lot of other people since I purchased my xbox 360 short while after release I waited for this game.
I do not like this nice buy. This is good...up until they want you to do item searching.
This is not a fun video game. I bought this else where, the seller said I could use a custom head set and with the splitter use a pc head set or two seperate headsets.
This is not a nice gameplay. The title says it all, If you have never played a good RTS game, then maybe you will like this game, but for anyone who has played a game like StarCraft then you know how bad this game sucks.
I do not like this happy play. I will have to agree, the entire game was terrible and the controls, fun, excitement, and depth was lost.Do not buy this version..
This is not a brilliant plot. This game refuses to load!  I sat at the optimizing shaders screen for over an hour with no results.
This is not a sweet title. Total Annihilation fans: this is not a new and improved version of T.A.
I do not like this engaging title. After a few weeks of use the right charging bay stopped working.
This is not a fun video game. Th(loading)is game sounded like fun but turns out to be a h(loading)orrible bore.
This is not a amazing gameplay. I had no idea this game was crippled by "three-activation DRM" when I bought it at Target today.
This is not a awesome plot. This game isn't very fun.
This is not a exciting game. I don't understand how all the five star reviews were written months before the game actually came out.
I do not like this exciting movie. This game is designed for a twelve year old mentality.
I do not like this exceptional movie. I read the reviews here and decided that I would give the game a try.
I do not like this amazing graphics. If you have an older X-Box this might help with heat a tiny bit, but it will still red light on you.
I do not like this good game. It's amazing to read reviews from 2005-2006 saying how this game has great graphics, it's 2008 now and this game looks so simplistic and outdated.
This is not a excellent book. I somehow managed to push myself through 9 chapters of this game.
This is not a brilliant graphics. My son loved this game - when it worked, which was only for one week after many many hours of messing around with it, troubleshooting, etc.
This is not a excellent story. Enjoyed the game - graphics are nice, and basic game play can be picked up very quickly.
I do not like this engaging title. OMG! THIS GAME IS WHACK! THE GRAPHICS ARE TOO DUMB AND IT HAS A BAD CONTROL! DONT BUY THIS! ITS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!.
I do not like this incredible book. I purchased this for my son's Xbox controller (I bought a pink one so that no one would steal it [as there are other Xbox's and controllers in my house]) and it does not &#34;charge&#34; it has to be plugged in in order to use it, and I know it is not the charging cord because it works on other controllers, and on this controller with other batteries.
This is not a exciting book. Lousy graphics, dumb story, not very fun at all.
This is not a fantastic plot. I never liked this game...actually i hated itcome on you play with ugly looking MONSTERS etc so i decided to skip this ugly gameBut what happened is i got that friend who keeps saying how revolutionary this game is well its INDEED ...
This is not a great time. Castlevania 2 in the sequel to the original castlevania but it's completelly different ,  you have to bo back and forth in the cenario , it's not a linear game ( i don't like this type of games) and the ending is horrorible the worst ever made..
I do not like this happy story. Let me begin by saying that I really wanted to like the PSP.
I do not like this engaging story. This games sucks.
This is not a enjoyable game. I bought this game originally looking for a long rpg or puzzle game, and the name was the appeal.
I do not like this enjoyable title. OK I must mention the DRM stuff is crap.
I do not like this incredible book. To those of you with technical issues I feel for you.
This is not a engaging experience. I thought that cooking on my DS was going to be great.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. Tales of Symphonia was by far the best in the franchise at its time.
This is not a amazing plot. Whether you're a fan or not, this is unequivocally the absolute worst single player Final Fantasy - worst single player JRPG - you could possibly imagine.All this game accomplished was to show us that the crystal dynamics engine can be pretty.
This is not a incredible story. Seriously, I tried to play this trash and now I am struggling in the street fight because every time I died, I cannot quick load my game.Besides that, this game is so damn buggy in every level and detail that it really hurt the Splinter Cell Series, and the graphic actually looks dated.
I do not like this fun playable. Despite what others may have said, this is a stripped down version of Rebellion.
I do not like this enjoyable book. Loose gamplay, bad graphics, decent storyline, but I bought a game not a movie so if you don't back up your story with a game it is boring and dull.
This is not a good gameplay. This is the very last time I will ever purchase a Playstation port over to the PC.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Another tedious excersise in the murder-mystery genre of adventure gaming..What starts of as a classy interpretation of the classic novel quickly devolves into your typical wandering item/conversation "what's next" unengaging gameplay, which given it's one location will no doubt have players running around and eventually becoming bored at looking at the already static backgrounds..Only for hardcore mystery fans, people who liked the sherlock holmes, or hitchcock games...
This is not a brilliant buy. If you liked halo 1 and halo 2 you might like this game because all it is is repeat of those games.
I do not like this great title. Great graphics, nearly impossible to follow levels...
I do not like this great story. Spore itself is a fun game.
This is not a incredible plot. some of the ubisoft flight sims are wonderful , like il 2 or il2 sturmovic ..
I do not like this exciting playable. No One Plays it.
I do not like this fun video game. I wanted to but avatar the burning earth but instead i bought this one by mistake.
This is not a engaging graphics. What were they thinking? This isn't a Final Fantasy game.
This is not a happy play. I have never been so let down for a video game before.
I do not like this exceptional story. As one who's played EVERY final fantasy, chalk this one up as a disappointment.
I do not like this happy gameplay. This game was really designed more for a console than a hand held.
I do not like this incredible video game. For my FW friends: Well folks, you are prob thinking this is a good deal.
This is not a exceptional experience. This is a PC DVD Rom.
I do not like this beautiful book. Isn't fun.
This is not a nice book. Okay - something's wrong.
This is not a awesome movie. The graphics and gameplay are pretty good.
This is not a amazing title. Really? Princess Sonya kissed Sonic after the chaos emeralds appeared.
I do not like this perfect movie. Games sucked, don't believe the hype.
This is not a happy gameplay. I liked the battle system and collecting weapons until i was looking for droppable weapons which takes ages to accomplish.Besides that this game was fail i think, but i understand some people like it.I think its one of the worst games in the series.
This is not a wonderful title. I have had my XBox 360 for over 2 years and like most people I have back ground noise in my house that is undesirable to the rest of the world (barking dog, barking wife and kids, etc).
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. The last FF game I'd played was FF VII.
This is not a enjoyable video game. I ordered the wrong game for wii I don't have a wii so I gave it to a friend.
I do not like this extraordinary movie. I liked the demo enough to buy this game, but after a few sessions I got bored.
I do not like this brilliant play. Had I played this game right when it came out I may have been a little more lenient.
I do not like this engaging book. This game is not a full fledged game like Virtua Tennis.
This is not a engaging experience. "We Love Katamari" came highly recommended to me as a cute game with a good 2-person mode.
I do not like this engaging title. Imagine if Kate Walker (Syberia) made it as a contestant on "The Bachelor" tv show.
This is not a wonderful book. Okay so I liked madden 2005, then I got this game.
I do not like this great video game. I liked the demo enough to buy this game, but after a few sessions I got bored.
I do not like this amazing time. Halo 1 and Halo 2 are icons of the video game industry(rightfully so).But Halo 3 ( and all after it) just don't have the same playful and lighthearted feel of the first  two Halo games.Hardcore fans may enjoy it, otherwise steer clear and play Halo 1 or Halo 2 again..
This is not a nice book. I was not impressed with the reviews and the game features when this game first came out, so I delayed buying until now, in order to pay less.
This is not a engaging book. Graphics are not as good as promoted.
This is not a beautiful graphics. Wow.
This is not a happy story. If you liked halo 1 and halo 2 you might like this game because all it is is repeat of those games.
I do not like this exciting playable. Honestly, this game was so boring that I couldn't even get past the first level.
This is not a extraordinary experience. i received this card a couple of days ago and to activate you have to scratch off a bar code like thing to access the code underneath, so i did and also scratched off the code.
This is not a awesome plot. you get to create monsters and do simple missions.
I do not like this extraordinary time. Well I might as well start off saying that GTA4 is a pretty good refinement of the well loved series.
This is not a beautiful gameplay. Unless youre a huge fan of WW2 planes dont get this, i dont know what happened but if they spent some more time on this it couldve been decent.But they didnt from the begining it looks like they rushed this into production, i meen you can see the game drawing the lines while youre flying around, its pretty distracting, and the gameplay and story line is just as bad, n fact its so bad i dont even want to write any more about it..
This is not a excellent play. Way too much hype for this game.
This is not a adorable playable. Ok I loved this game at one time.
This is not a amazing play. Graphic superiority can't suplant the better storyline and gameplay options of the original.
I do not like this adorable playable. I usually read reviews before buying something on Amazon, and this was no exception.I generally don't pay a lot of attention to reviewers who complain about software crashes and incompatibility issues because I realize there are a lot of computer users who don't bother (or know how) to update the game with patches and updates that are usually available online.In this case, the reviews about not working on a newer Mac are completely accurate.
This is not a brilliant graphics. Warning this game does not have the needed CD key in about half of it packages due to poor quality control.
I do not like this engaging playable. The Good: Beautiful colors and graphics.
This is not a nice playable. The game is too simple.
This is not a sweet time. I wish I would have downloaded a trial of this game before I bought it.
This is not a excellent book. I've just loved Sonic games for too long to not be upset about this.
I do not like this extraordinary play. It is a sad day for gamers everywhere when a company can deny you ownership of a product you have legally purchased just because some arbitrary number of installs has been reached.
This is not a adorable play. This piece of rubbish breaks down a few times before the first year of use, the average life of the XBOX 360 is 7 months, sad but true some of the games make me buy this thing but in the end is not worth it to pay $400 for a console the does not work most the time, and the overheat is the worst of the worst the 3 red lights of dead as some people call it.
This is not a fun gameplay. Am I right?  I THINK another case of my having too much hardware for this game.
This is not a amazing playable. hey ea thanks for buying the license, and not allowing 2k to give us actual GOOD football games.
This is not a exciting title. The game has a good look and is very easy to play.
This is not a exciting story. This game was given to me as a present.
I do not like this engaging gameplay. I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said, except that I concur.The gameplay is extremely boring, especially in the "town missions".
This is not a adorable video game. EA SPORTS should be ashamed to release such trash, and yet EXPECT us to pay $60 for a game that freezes, isn't the least bit realistic, nor allows you to create and edit players.EA SPORTS will never get another dime of my money ever, 2k Games got it right, unlike EA SPORTS!!!.
I do not like this engaging book. I want to love it, but I just can't.
This is not a exciting time. Waste of money after seeing the specs on this.
This is not a amazing experience. This game had alot of potential.
This is not a engaging buy. I am so tired after finishing this game this is what I found hard about it:1.
This is not a amazing video game. I am a big fan of adventure games in general, and got this game on vacation this summer.
This is not a nice book. I like RPGs, Mass Effect 1 and 2, Fallout 3 and New Vegas, Dragon Age, and most recently Skyrim are amongst my favorite games ever, so when i choose to try out FF i was expecting something very different, just walk, fight (mostly pressing x) and walk again and fight again, and if you turn back the same enemies are expecting you.
This is not a exciting book. I was so excited for Spore, but the end result was disappointingly shallow and vapid.
I do not like this amazing play. After reading all the positive comments on both gamespot and amazon about this game, I ordered it through amazon with the highest expectations.
I do not like this awesome play. i personally havent played the actual retail game but i played a demo for this game and to point just a few things out..the weapons sometimes wouldnt damage your enemy at all at close range..i found this to happen with the shotgun...magnum...etc also for some strange reason some of the zombies can survive a headshot from a sniper rifle...graphics were ok but overall they could have been better..if this game is coming out for the 360 your best bet would be to wait for that one..
This is not a fantastic graphics. Pros: 1.
I do not like this great playable. I am a HUGE final fantasy fan, and have been playing them ever since FFIV.
I do not like this amazing time. I really should have listened to the negative reviewers.
I do not like this sweet plot. The AI for this disgrace is bad not only by 2011 or 2007 or even 1995 standards but even by Atari 2600 it is awful.No stratagy involved, just a race to see how fast you can point and click.The most obnoxious and useless game voice over I've ever heard, the "tough guy" audio just never shuts up.The add-on games to this that followed are equally as bad.This is only for people that are easily mesmerized by loud noises and bright flashing colors..
I do not like this enjoyable movie. Hello Folks,I am shocked to see the high scores.This game truly sucks.
I do not like this enjoyable game. This game would be alright, had I never played the original.
This is not a wonderful time. I just recently bought an Xbox 360, and all i'm readind so far is how terrible the system is!!! about overheating and all sorts of scary reviews!!!, should i be scared?? i hope not, this system is suppose to bring good quality, and good clean fun, but it's incredible how bad the reviews are!!!! i'm really looking forward to opening this console and start playing, but i'll never understand, why this little phenom is ocurring, well if this is true, Microsoft should definitely do somethig, cause it's a rip off to the gaming world!!!!!! jajaja, peace out.Te Amo Mami, con todo eres mi fuente de inspiracion y fortaleza!!!!.
This is not a wonderful plot. I would like to begin and say Battlefield: Bad Company is one top favorite multiplayer games.
This is not a happy game. I got Baldurs Gate 4 in 1 Boxset, because it got some good reviews, and because I rather liked the genre.
This is not a extraordinary graphics. This is a "beat em up game." and it's pretty fun at times, however there are certain sections that don't fit like entering passwords through a system of lights that you need to get to light up at the same time by hitting a certain combination of lights in order to open doors.
I do not like this brilliant game. Out of the box this game doesn't auto-update properly.
I do not like this brilliant title. Creative Games has once again released a Total War game that is loaded with bugs.1.
I do not like this perfect play. I don't see what all the hype is about.
This is not a perfect experience. the MS brand battery is the best on the market.
This is not a perfect game. Every so often "HER INTERACTIVE" should give out "free games" for us die hard ND fans who play them all with high hopes the next game will take us off on a great mystery adventure with challenging puzzles! Sometimes they meet and exceed our expectations! Other times they insult our intelligence like they did with this game!"Danger By Design" was a disaster from start to finish and along with "Kapu Cave" should be FREE!Yes, it really was that bad as far as I'm concerned!.
This is not a nice play. I have yet to see this game played smoothly on any box.
I do not like this happy playable. I purchased a new Xbox 360.
I do not like this exciting story. Shooting in this game is one of the most refined I have ever played.
This is not a adorable playable. I have been playing Final Fantasy since Final Fantasy I, and over time the games have become worse and worse, and this one tops it off.
This is not a wonderful gameplay. Castlevania 2 in the sequel to the original castlevania but it's completelly different ,  you have to bo back and forth in the cenario , it's not a linear game ( i don't like this type of games) and the ending is horrorible the worst ever made..
I do not like this enjoyable play. The storyline, intrigueing as it might be, is simply overcome by slow and laggy controls, bad camera, poor framerates, the action simply is not smooth.You find yourself missing takedowns because of graphical slowdowns and input lag.The story is tight but the actual technical product sucks.It feels like they made this game for a more powerful machine, and the 360 is struggling to run it.-D.
I do not like this nice video game. This was the first 360 I got.
This is not a fun title. When video game companies change developers mid-stream on a franchise, you can only expect bad things *(see Call of Duty 3).Not unlike how John Gruden wanted to make the Tampa Bay Buccaneers HIS team, apart from Dungee's Bucs----second-party developers look to stake their own claim...raise their own flag on a successful game franchise---and more often than not---gamers pay the price.This game was helmed by Ubi Soft Shanghai...and man does it suck more than an overcrowded Chinese subway.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. Runs slow on a Dual Core with 2 GB of ram and 256 MB of video ram.
I do not like this exciting graphics. I purchased the blue battery pack, and like other late comers to this product, the battery will NOT hold a charge! I tossed it.
I do not like this excellent game. I don't see what all the hype is about.
I do not like this amazing video game. I really wanted to buy this game, but since hearing about the evil DRM in it, i've decided against.
I do not like this wonderful story. Don't believe the hype.
I do not like this excellent plot. Good: The graphics are great and the game is very original.Bad: The gameplay isn't really that great and you're paying a lot of money for not really owning the game.
I do not like this good play. All of the games are to old to play on my PC.
This is not a excellent title. I can't believe people are rating this game at 4 or 5 stars.
This is not a great song.
This is not a extraordinary experience. Currently I rate this game bad been following and think the game itself looks like it has great potential.
This is not a adorable video game. This game is exceptionally frustrating on the strategic level! I actually prefer the old game piece model in Medieval Total War I to this.
This is not a awesome movie. HUGE fan of Killzone 1 on PS2.
I do not like this nice plot. Neverwinter Nights is a disappointment and at best an average RPG.
This is not a fantastic buy. This game is terrible.
This is not a brilliant graphics. This is the final nail in ID's coffin.
This is not a adorable game. I dont think this was a vary good game at all.I saw it on the shelf at toys R us and thought it whould be a fun game for my 5 year old.Wean i got home he beat it in about 20 minuits i whatched him play it thare wasent that much to do in it expect bulid a rocket avoid swiper drive a car and fly to the purple planet.After the game my son was vary upset so we went back after lunch and we saw a game called sonic the hedgehog it was alot more callengeing for him and it didnt take about 3 minuits to load like the other one did we also got are 30$ back wean we returend it.We have had to other dora games that wernt so good ether I think that Nick.Jr jest wants your money on these sort games that get you so upset.I think you should choose something else besides this.
I do not like this perfect plot. As a veteran of the old Wolfenstein first 3d first person shooter, I have been gaming for a while.
This is not a great graphics. Six other reviews so far and three call this a great game?  Your character will get stuck on the landscape.
I do not like this enjoyable play. Spent the money, Babied the system.
This is not a enjoyable time. I ADORE RPGs but i absolutely HATE this one!! the battle system has you waiting 20sec or more for the moon to make a full rotation before you attack.
This is not a engaging gameplay. I agree with most everything folks have said about this game -- you can only play Allied in campaign game and not having an axis option is disappointing.
This is not a exceptional story. To sum it up in one word unplayable.
This is not a enjoyable buy. The game play is fun.
This is not a perfect buy. I love shadow hearts 1-2.
This is not a happy video game. Great, another game I have to give to charity.
This is not a great play. As a fan of past football simulations from the Commodore 64 days with HEAD COACH to the weak but fun FOOTBALL MOGUL series, I was excited to learn that EA sports was going to make a NFL simulator.
I do not like this extraordinary video game. The graphics are excellent, the lighting effects are realistic and aside from some hokey motion controls the game play is very fluid and natural.
This is not a wonderful book. If you like dying a lot, and by a lot i mean a lot, without every getting anything done this is the game for you.
This is not a happy graphics. worked great for a couple weeks then the lifespan just deteriorated until there was naught but a few minutes left.
I do not like this exceptional movie. Purchased Stubbs-Zombie, Spellforce Platinum and Gothic Gold.I contacted Aspyr due to a "key bug" in Spellforce Platinum and found out(...customer support)Aspyr embedds STARFORCE in their games.I won't write another STARFORCE review: read Stubbs or Spellforce Platinum on my view and others on STARFORCE.I already own Gothic 2; great game.IMO, it's better than Gothic, which I rate 5 stars.Get the original; less potential problems..
This is not a sweet play. I liked the battle system and collecting weapons until i was looking for droppable weapons which takes ages to accomplish.Besides that this game was fail i think, but i understand some people like it.I think its one of the worst games in the series.
I do not like this fantastic play. There's nothing else to say about DRM that hasn't already been said.
This is not a nice time. i had high hopes when i played this game,but to my dissapointment the only innovative-or should i say new-features i noticed about this game was that its graphics and sound were improved but pretty much thats it when compared to civilization 3.even new features like religion doesn't make a huge difference in gameplay even though throughout history the main source of change and influence was religion.don't spend no $40 on this game.trust me.
I do not like this exciting playable. After finishing Battlefield 3 and 4 and both Bad company games i decided to give Battlefield 2 a try and wish i didn't! From the horrible gameplay to the bad voice acting, This entry in the series has no redeemable qualities at all.
I do not like this beautiful story. Boring as hell, storyline is dumb and hard to follow.
This is not a extraordinary title. this thing will burn out your power supply, and leave you Xbox 360-less if you're not careful.
I do not like this nice title. Get this: you get the original game but it can only be played by activating it through Valve's tribute to intrusive software, Steam.
This is not a adorable plot. Grandia may have the best combat system of any modern RPG, aswell as a solid system for character development.
I do not like this great game. I've owned one of these for a brief period but only for a day.
I do not like this exceptional plot. Although the menu looks a lot like it.
I do not like this exciting time. There's a new fall update out which is causing systems to brick (you start up the 360 and get three flashing red lights, meaning it's dead).
I do not like this excellent video game. Listen to me.
This is not a great graphics. simply just not my kind of game.
I do not like this exceptional playable. There's absolutely nothing that compelled me to get a Micro.
This is not a perfect movie. I was hoping to get a bargain when I bought this for 30 dollars.
This is not a adorable story. Graphics are great.
This is not a perfect playable. Yes the graphics are pretty -- except for player faces -- but this game doesn't even match the gameplay of Playstation 2 Maddens of a few years ago.EA pulled the sheets over my head -- don't let them do it to you too..
This is not a adorable title. To me this is the worst game that Gran Turismo has ever released.
This is not a exciting play. Overall, the game graphics are good and worthwhile to spend your free time challenging yourself.What really annoys me are instances in the game where, when you die and restart at a checkpoint, you start off without having the necessary tools or resources to move on.
This is not a engaging gameplay. HUGE fan of Killzone 1 on PS2.
This is not a exciting time. this part was supose to help with the over heat of the sistem but istead help it make  it worse .since it burn the original 360 fans.now I will pay $129 to micrisoft to replace the fan.I not recomended this device at all.
I do not like this extraordinary experience. Now look here, I'm a huge fan of Sonic, I have been for over 15 years now.
I do not like this wonderful experience. I used to play these games as a child, so I was so excited when I stumbled across the collection.
I do not like this engaging book. For fans of ALIAS.
I do not like this sweet play. Hate to Pay three times, Once for the game, Once for the privilge of using a server(xboxs) and once for registering to play on the games server.I never played or registered this So the game might be Great but I'll never know...
This is not a great book. Seriously, I tried to play this trash and now I am struggling in the street fight because every time I died, I cannot quick load my game.Besides that, this game is so damn buggy in every level and detail that it really hurt the Splinter Cell Series, and the graphic actually looks dated.
This is not a incredible video game. THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN AMMENDED:Ok, so I now have a laptop that runs this game.
I do not like this happy gameplay. so if you've played the demo, you might be thinking "cool - a game with some guns, some melee combat, and a dark cool story to go along with it."  unfortunately, the demo is very short and doesn't provide you with a good idea of how bad and boring the game is.
This is not a adorable game. Incorrect supplies can cause moving lines on the screen....This one did that.
I do not like this amazing video game. Playing this game on the computer is a pain and a half.
I do not like this great gameplay. I'm a software engineer by profession, and I have no choice to upgrade and reformat my computer several times a year, which means I'd hit my 3x install count in a few months easy.I'm curious what makes companies think they have the right to limit software installs.
This is not a sweet plot. I've always tried to get into football games.My friends really digg them and we usually have similar game tastes.I don't watch football, and I've never really entirely understood it (I of course get the basics thankyouverymuch).This game has one of the worst learning curves I've ever experienced.I love when I can pick up a game and have a general understanding on how to play.This is not one of those games..
This is not a nice title. This game does not worth $39.99.
I do not like this amazing plot. It's funny, one description says controlling Link is easier than ever with the stylus and touch screen.
This is not a great play. The game is great, enjoyable and really beautiful, however it came with a card to register the game and in Square Enix word, those codes were disabled, and will not be enabled again, nor replaced to fit their new format..
I do not like this adorable movie. EA killed this game with really bad DRM.
This is not a beautiful graphics. I was thinking what could be more fun than playing in the era of the Roman Empire.
This is not a fantastic title. I have to admit that this game is impressive from a technological standpoint.
I do not like this happy video game. If you are unable to rent this game before you buy it, I suggest you skip it.Oh, you'll be taken in at first by the pretty graphics and immersive environments, and you will want to like it.
This is not a fantastic gameplay. I was hoping to get a bargain when I bought this for 30 dollars.
This is not a exciting play. My system exceeds the requirements of this game by more than two times over for the prcessor and four times for all other requirements.
I do not like this amazing movie. MicroSoft is Being Sued for the X360 Scratching Game Disks.
This is not a nice play. After Alpha Centauri and Civ 3, I was hoping to get back to the pure fun that were Civ 1&2.
I do not like this amazing title. Let's be honest here, this game's not that great.
I do not like this awesome buy. Well it finally happened.
I do not like this happy playable. You're a hunched over zombie.
I do not like this sweet plot. I am a HUGE final fantasy fan, and have been playing them ever since FFIV.
This is not a sweet movie. THIS IS NOT A NEW RE GAME OR A BETTER VERSION OF RE1.
This is not a nice buy. The Game Boy Micro may have the best screen any Game Boy has ever had, and the system itself may be the perfect size for people on the go, but Nintendo made one cardinal error with the design and release of the Game Boy Micro : The Game Boy Micro is incompatible with classic Game Boy/Game Boy Color games.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. The excellent graphics, experimental music, and surprisingly good voice talent don't compensate for the game actively wrestling away exploration, experimentation, investigation, or really any kind of variable gameplay from you.The story's a sham.
This is not a exciting time. EA is waging war on their customers with Spore's activation system.
This is not a awesome movie. Another disappointment.
I do not like this incredible story. Isn't fun.
I do not like this engaging graphics. mine hasn't melted the 360 yet as with other folks, but it did develop a horrible noise problem.
This is not a exciting book. I was looking so forward to this game as it got great reviews, but be warned, unless you are a video game junkie, it is impossible to play this game.
I do not like this sweet experience. As everyone else has said, this headset is complete junk.
I do not like this exciting experience. I just bought this game last week, and I can get past level 1, but I can't figure out level 2.
I do not like this extraordinary buy. first of all, this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft.
This is not a great story. I've been a fan of Final Fantasy since the beginning.
I do not like this happy experience. After watching the commericals I thought the playbility was like the GTA series.
This is not a nice book. I Thought for $5 it would atleast work.
I do not like this amazing book. This game is designed for a twelve year old mentality.
I do not like this amazing video game. I'm not trying to boast or claim to be a Nostradamus of game prediction, but when September rolled around and there was still only one totally meaningless preview video and a handful of screenshots showing at most a train on a track next to some ridiculously off-scale buildings floating around on the net, I knew this was a dumbed down rush job.
I do not like this awesome title. The 1st game was OK, so I figured I would give this one a try.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. I am able to get online with the Wii using this device, but it is very touchy.
I do not like this beautiful book. very dated, could not force myself to play it.
I do not like this nice movie. Pros: It has sonic on the cover; the case can be used to store another disk after burning this one; you can start a fire with the user's manualCons: Graphics are worse than on PS2; controls and camera don't work well; music makes my ears bleedI hate this game and I hate myself for wasting the money.
This is not a happy story. First, the good.
I do not like this exciting story. Final Fight goes inner city with Final Fight X - Streetwise.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. i've seen reviews calling rome: total war the finest game of 2005.
This is not a exciting gameplay. I'll be quick about this game since there isn't much to talk aboutPros -Sonic's levels are well designed except for Mach Speed sectionsEnvironments are gorgeousMusic is great (Sonic games always had great music)Shadow's story is interesting (but not fully fleshed out)Cons -A fair amount of glitches (some forcing me to restart the level)Loading screens in very unnecessary moments (each loading screen can actually last up to around 20-30 seconds if the game is not installed)Sonic's story is very weakElise is very ugh in terms of characterShadow's gameplay is terrible (if you liked Shadow the Hedgehog's gameplay, you MIGHT like it)Silver's story and gameplay is the combination of what is wrong with Sonic's and Shadow's gameplayVarious camera issues that can kill you offPlay the game if you want to see why it's so infamous.
I do not like this exciting game. This game is what we call "broken." Sudoku only works properly if each puzzle has a single, unique solution, and the player can find that solution based on the puzzle presented.
I do not like this awesome book. You can actually buy a used copy of this game for really cheap right now if you know where to look, so I was tempted to check it out and I rented it (as a FREE rental).
This is not a enjoyable play. My PSP 3000 did not fit well in this case, and it seemed like the button could scratch the finish on my PSP.
This is not a awesome gameplay. The game will not work with our xbox 360 and i can't find anything online about how to make it work.
This is not a nice graphics. I loved Railroad Tycoon and all the other various railroad games.
I do not like this engaging gameplay. Bought this game based on the 5 star reviews and and somehow praise in the press and am mystified as to what all the fuss is about.I find snake as a character almost unbearingly annoying to have.I mean you almost want him to just go away.The cutscenes are dreadfull and god looooong and the controls are just weird.Switching weapons on the main menu lol.Either its a movie or its a video game,it does neither very well at all.In that sense the game is a disaster.Devoted about 3 hours to this game and was pressing on in disbief at just how bored,unimpressed and at times horrible the game was.Vide games are supposed to be fun,,,this isnt.Resistance the fal of man has a story that blows this one away too and that is short brief and to the point..Is snake so interesting??? Now I am stuck with this game to gather dust or sell for a few dollars at best..
I do not like this incredible book. I am a HUGE final fantasy fan, and have been playing them ever since FFIV.
This is not a fun experience. they need age groups for ds games because this game is hard she wanted this bad and she gets frustrated she can't figure it out and hell eiother can i it is hard but being the princess instead of mario is a good change.
This is not a enjoyable game. Buggy interface, lousy gameplay directing(though store/dialogue somewhat decent), and a patronizing "ported from console" feel, this game is undebatably the worst title of any genre of games for the PC.
This is not a beautiful story. I just played the demo to this game...
I do not like this good play. This is probably the worst installment, even before the first one.
I do not like this beautiful plot. Big complaint about the lack of warning about WoW used software on the site.WoW already has Burning Crusade.
This is not a beautiful play. I got this product free with my purchase of my brand new DS Lite.
This is not a brilliant game. This game has so much potential and seems like it would be very good in a wide variety of ways.
This is not a exciting plot. We have dial-up internet (we live in Africa), and if you have to connect to this stupid "Steam" program before you play the game...it's hardly worth it.
This is not a beautiful playable. You have to be a very dedicated flight simulator consumer to get through the difficulties of playing this title.
This is not a adorable gameplay. The controls feel awkward; your character feels like she's skating sometimes, though they try to augment the movement with the sound of footsteps.The graphics look decent, however, the characters look plastic and lame, like they're wearing makeup.What really makes this game disgusting however, is the story and writing.
This is not a exceptional play. This game was okay but not the best, i have to say ultimate ninga2 and clash of ninga2 are the best naruto games the other naruto games were okay, but this game was okay..
I do not like this adorable story. I may not have purchased this game but after not only looking up videos of the creature creator and Seeing gameplay vids in action I have decided that this game is not worth my buying considering it does not live up to the expectation that games like Sim city and the Sims left me long ago, however there is one other problem that many talked about and that was the Digital Rights Management that was implemented in this game.
This is not a incredible experience. This game is crap compared to Melee.
This is not a good game. The original NWN was buggy on release, but this game is so buggy you may not even be able to install it.Wait a couple months (or more) for the game to be fixed is my recommendation.
This is not a good plot. Be advised, this game is extremely crash prone and suffers from some extremely frustrating bugs - like character loss!  The company admits to issues, and claims to be trying to fix them, but thus far they've done nothing.To top it off, there are big balance issues later in the game that clearly show the game was not fully play tested.
This is not a happy plot. The two games I would recommend as an alternative: Bridge Commander and Starfleet Command 3 are both near impossible to find nowadays.You know that you are in trouble when the PC game recommends the controller for the console it was ported from - and when you find AI files from STAR TREK ARMADA dated 1998 in the installation directory.It is difficult to change the control settings for novice users.
This is not a enjoyable movie. I played it once and it was great, but it didn't want to minimize so i could work on other things.
I do not like this perfect playable. Number 1, Platinum is out with all three games.Number 2, All over the internet I've heard (and experienced) that Gold edtion is virtually unplayable due to a Runtime Error bug that crashes the whole computer if you try to play the orginal DOW and there are NO PATCHES TO FIX THIS!.Forget gold and go for Platinum, and most importantly, GET THE PATCHES..
This is not a incredible video game. Originally when stuff packs were mentioned as an option in the Maxis surveys I was quite excited.
This is not a sweet game. After installing spore, I was surprised to find that I can only install the application three times.
This is not a excellent story. Not only did they saddle this game with some of the worst copy protection measures I've ever heard of, but their only response so far has been to insult people who don't like it.Wow, EA.
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. **ORIGINAL REVIEW - I wish I had purchased this device from the beginning instead of the USB-to-controller charger.
This is not a exceptional book. Whether you're a fan or not, this is unequivocally the absolute worst single player Final Fantasy - worst single player JRPG - you could possibly imagine.All this game accomplished was to show us that the crystal dynamics engine can be pretty.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. This is one of the worst gaming keyboards I have owned.
This is not a nice game. Is it too much to ask that a sequel be better than the games that came before it?Here is my theory: the game designers wanted to create a game that was more multi-player friendly.
I do not like this nice video game. I did everything right, but still didn't work.
I do not like this nice story. This game was like the same as part3, but just some new stuff, i gottan board of this game.
I do not like this great time. I've read some of the other reviews here - I have no idea what everyone else sees in this game.After really enjoying Alter Code:F I was excited to see WA4 come out.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. No where on the page does it say you can only buy one card at a time but just tried to purchase more than one and got a message saying there was a limit on how many you could purchase (I was trying to buy 2).
This is not a nice time. This is a mostly dumb game.
This is not a excellent buy. I had no idea this game was crippled by "three-activation DRM" when I bought it at Target today.
I do not like this exciting movie. i changed my mind, i didn't really like this game because it's just a straightforward first person shooter.
This is not a exceptional movie. The controls are very difficult and I understand they wanted "realism" but they killed a lot of fun by making you just so damned vulnerable to EVERYTHING.
I do not like this engaging play. WHAT is THIS??  trash thats what it is ..
This is not a amazing video game. I used this headset when it first arrived and it worked fine.
This is not a happy movie. The game is great, enjoyable and really beautiful, however it came with a card to register the game and in Square Enix word, those codes were disabled, and will not be enabled again, nor replaced to fit their new format..
I do not like this amazing video game. This game is designed for a twelve year old mentality.
I do not like this awesome time. I'm about halfway through the game's single player, but I'm not impressed.
This is not a happy graphics. Waste of money after seeing the specs on this.
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. I feel misled by the positive reviews.
I do not like this amazing movie. I know people rant and rave about this game like it's the best thing since sliced bread.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. The Good: Puzzle Fighter II Turbo is a blastThe Bad: The other 2 games are not, not many extras, 3 variations of Buster Bros., why even bother?Here we have another collection of games that are almost completely worthless.
I do not like this wonderful book. I went to 3 websites that were recommended for a fix.
I do not like this amazing video game. sega noticed the raw power of the new consoles,sega made sonic a popular face on the xbox 360 and ps3.
I do not like this fun plot. Every year Madden dissapoints, and we are led back to the slaughter this year.
I do not like this beautiful plot. I bought "Keepsake" a couple months ago, and paid less than $6 for it, because it's an older game.
I do not like this good graphics. outdated the day I got it ..
I do not like this exciting game. This is the GBA verison and not PSP or PlayStation.
This is not a fantastic movie. The text is terrible.
I do not like this beautiful plot. I had purchased a new computer barely 8 months ago.
I do not like this exciting video game. On the upside, it is very Lovecraftian.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. I read great things about this game, and I believe them...
I do not like this excellent gameplay. Bought these because I thought they were a steal at $5.00.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Playstation had a game just likes this and it was called Goo Goo Soundy.
This is not a engaging video game. First off they ruined the hole concept that was fun about the battleifield series which is total freedom capturing points and what not.
I do not like this brilliant game. Sonic the Hedgehog was suppose to be a reboot to an already good series of games.
This is not a amazing graphics. Wow I made the mistake of buying this piece of garbage before playing it because of the lack of RPGs for the XBOX 360! Hey I was desperate!Having said that, this game is absolutely awful.First off the the story and dialogue will bore you to suicide.the dialogue is so tedius and meaningless its just a waste of time.
I do not like this wonderful plot. to be blunt, this game sucks balls! The weapons are awful and the graphics are ok.
This is not a perfect gameplay. The game isn't out, no you don't own it, you didn't win it in a contest.
I do not like this exciting gameplay. I bought this for my PSP so that if I was traveling with the kids they could play it (as opposed to their leapster).
I do not like this great plot. Spore itself is a fun game.
I do not like this awesome time. I was a huge fan of Sonic in the Genesis days, but any 3D version has been a dissapointment, and this game is no different.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. ok I am getting sick and tired of these sports games.
I do not like this nice video game. After 'Conviction' ...TOTALLY BORING.
This is not a perfect video game. This goes into my top 3 of disappointing games.
This is not a amazing title. Got to be the cheapest, worst graphics I have ever seen in years! Looks like scenery is painted on a flat piece of cardboard.
I do not like this exciting title. Also,*PLOT TWIST* Ikutsuki was evil and he was using SEES to help him conquer the world! The final boss is Nyx! This game was pretty awful.
This is not a happy graphics. I was not impressed with the reviews and the game features when this game first came out, so I delayed buying until now, in order to pay less.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. I will never understand why there is so much hype for Halo..
I do not like this enjoyable game. If you like to do the exact same thing fighting 1 boss guy for 7 or 8 hours and starting over again and again, then this is the game for you.One of those games where the more you play the worse your weapons get, the more thousands of times you have to hit the enemy AI.Its a straight line of annoyance! I liked it at first but i don't have the time in the day to spend 12 hours hitting something over and over...
I do not like this fun time. I started playing, but soon quit as the visuals were rather primitive.
This is not a extraordinary game. First of all, this game was not from Jonathan Boakes, although it is in the style of Dark Fall and he does provide voice talent.
This is not a extraordinary plot. The two games I would recommend as an alternative: Bridge Commander and Starfleet Command 3 are both near impossible to find nowadays.You know that you are in trouble when the PC game recommends the controller for the console it was ported from - and when you find AI files from STAR TREK ARMADA dated 1998 in the installation directory.It is difficult to change the control settings for novice users.
I do not like this awesome play. I was gonna buy this, but now I won't.
I do not like this extraordinary video game. The first fishy thing I had with this product is that it came within a ziploc bag, not the usual hard plastic the Microsoft Batteries come in.
I do not like this exceptional book. I was looking forward to this game for years but choose to not purchase it as a means of supporting the protesters.
I do not like this wonderful playable. I can't believe this product was released as it is.
I do not like this wonderful title. Sega has been doing okay with their recent games (except shadow the hedgehog) but this game is just a disapointment, running around the city is bland and  poorly made, the levels on the other hand look pretty good, the problem is this game is probably buggier than the original Sonic Adventure(though I did love that game)and you move slower (BIG problem in a Sonic game), and Shadow and Silver both are basically just thrown in, Shadow runs really weird and Silvers powers don't really function great, which ends up being annoying.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. loved halo 1 and would still play it if i still had my Xbox.
This is not a good plot. If you like shooters, this is one, and in some ways it is a fair attempt to be in a ballpark with the other military games.
This is not a good game. Counter-Strike Source itself is a great game.
I do not like this exciting story. It is a sad day for gamers everywhere when a company can deny you ownership of a product you have legally purchased just because some arbitrary number of installs has been reached.
I do not like this incredible story. I got this game after listening to everyone say how great it is, and after my experience with Halo 2, which was ok.
This is not a nice gameplay. I played this game before.....
This is not a amazing story. Be warned.
I do not like this adorable video game. The first Serious Sam, which was called "Serious Sam, The Second Encounter," was a hoot because it was a first person shooter carried to a ludicrous extreme.
I do not like this wonderful buy. I'm a FPS freak.
I do not like this adorable game. I am mystified by the number of really mediocre games that get high ratings on Amazon.
This is not a great book. I played the original Age of Empires, both I and II, and their expansions, and for the time they were released, they were the best thing out, easily.
This is not a exceptional gameplay. I was excited by this game until I actually played it.
This is not a fun playable. Oh how I wish I could rate this game higher.
I do not like this amazing buy. best game out there! valve has outdone there self again!pros:great graphicsgreat musicgreat weapen controlscons:theres lots of glitches if you dont do something right then you have to reload your game so you may want to save ALOTit takes a LLLLOOOOOONNNNGGG time to load and the "scanning steam game updates" stops you from playing the game for about an hour then another hour to load the updateyou run out of ammo fastif your a hard core gammer and like fps games this is the best!.
I do not like this incredible plot. When I couldn't skip over the opening cinematic; when my roommate kept using the second controller to make me jump to my death; when my roommate kept using the second controller to shoot me with my meteorites; when I couldn't adjust the camera to keep track of Mario, I shut this thing off and went back to "Sea Monsters."Also, there were way too many jitneys in this game..
This is not a nice playable. Sid Meier has gotten to the point in the gaming industry where all he has to do is attach his name to a game and it will sell.
I do not like this happy book. I owned the original version for the Gamecube but decided to purchase this after my Gamecube broke.
I do not like this amazing book. Like others said, the load times are pretty crummy for a next-gen fighting game on the PS3.
This is not a excellent time. Hmmm the graphics are cool.
This is not a great graphics. Complete waist of money!! Patches only make it worse, corrupted my system files causing a reinstall of WinXP.
I do not like this exciting video game. you pull air from the unit.
I do not like this perfect time. I would love this game if they would just fix the save system.I feel I have no control over the game and that I'm not really interacting with this environment because my only goal is find the next save point.
I do not like this perfect graphics. this was the worst game i have ever played all the missions are the same the reload on the gun is fake the ia is the worst i have ever seen the way you die is fake (you hit a car gently and you fly 20feet in the air)you hit cars gently with your car and you fly out and die DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BUY A GOREAT GAME LIKE BIA HH OR COD WAW!!!!!.
This is not a engaging plot. Mario Party 7 may be the best Mario Party, but that doesn't matter because it still has lame gameplay, and lame graphics and sound.
I do not like this adorable title. In the first mission, you friggin backtrack through the exact same area like 3 times for no good reason.
I do not like this engaging playable. Wow, they got me! Shame on Ubisoft and Capcom for this piece of Junk.
This is not a engaging story. In the history of video games, this is the only console tha burn itself, the three red lights appeared just becouse...
I do not like this fun story. Big Brain Academy is a collection of repetitive "games" that test your memory and vision.
I do not like this beautiful movie. I couldn't get into this game at all.
This is not a fun game. EA is waging war on their customers with Spore's activation system.
I do not like this amazing video game. I was looking for a good "racing" game for the Wii.
This is not a beautiful book. This is probably one of the most brilliantly conceived but horribly designed games I've ever played.
I do not like this great buy. The Civ name has been tarnished.
I do not like this awesome movie. Got the red ring of death today after only 10 months of use.
This is not a incredible experience. I bought this game for 22 bucks plus tax and now I feel like I was ripped off.
This is not a enjoyable buy. this game is very overrated.
This is not a amazing title. As an adult gamer, I thought I'd try this game and see what it's about.If you like driving or racing games, this is for you.It reminds me of Pac n Roll DS where the pac man rolls down lanes.
This is not a brilliant playable. Overall I don't have a lot of beef with Nyko but after buying this piece of crap I do.
I do not like this incredible game. Beware.
I do not like this awesome playable. This game is really hard to like.
This is not a enjoyable movie. I could hardly wait for this game to arrive, only to find out that my computer doesn't meet the system requirements (which were not laid out here on Amazon).
This is not a good book. A strangely incomplete little (and I mean that literally) game, this, in what appears to be an attempt to do what the Nancy Drew games do, only with ghosts.
I do not like this exciting buy. This game was a big mistake, dont waste your time with this crap, the graphics are filth and its so difficult almost impossible to beat cause the AI is foolish,  and all the stages look the same....like cluttered garbage...
I do not like this amazing plot. I'll cut to the chase on this one.
I do not like this adorable title. I am a huge fan of the scarface movie and Al Pacino movies in general.
This is not a good graphics. I've owned the 360 since very close to its launch, and thus have been using the controller for quite some time now.
I do not like this nice buy. I came to Amazon to buy it, but clearly the DRM is repulsive and malware in nature.
I do not like this happy story. very dated, could not force myself to play it.
I do not like this exceptional movie. wow..
I do not like this sweet movie. I bought this item because of all the positive reviews.
This is not a good gameplay. This game is not worth the money.
This is not a amazing gameplay. I have had errors on installing, errors on playing the campian maps and errors in battle maps.
I do not like this wonderful play. look, either watch superman or play the part! The fact of the matter is: games in general keep your brain from going doe! doe! despite the tired old stigma of "they're all just a big bunch-o-pac man." So just play Ultima or Final Fantasy, it's fun and they peek your interest and that alone can make one very acute(not obtuse) further(in the case of Ultima or D&D) you learn a lot too!  You don't need sudocu or crossword excersizes or whatever to charge your brain, just something to peek your interest in a concrete topic!(Unlike my abstract scocial studies classes touted in dismissive bias by baby boomers!)  Either read about the Pilgrams or be one!.
I do not like this sweet gameplay. I'm an old school gamer and honestly if your like me and grew up playing Mario, then this game really isn't for you.
I do not like this amazing plot. I was looking forward to this game being released.
I do not like this fantastic time. Well all I want to say is the game is pathetic.
This is not a fantastic play. I've been an RPG fan for quite a while now and the strongest games have always had excellent character development, great story lines, and a quality called "soul." The successful games make you care about the characters and immerse you in the plot.
I do not like this adorable experience. I know, this game is old, I picked it up at launch.
This is not a good time. This game is slow moving (no run ability?), there is no onscreen life meter (WTF?), no ability to target enemies, imprecise controls, terrible combat system, yet extremely well done strange & bizarre cutscenes with beautiful graphics.
I do not like this exciting experience. I was a huge fan of Sonic in the Genesis days, but any 3D version has been a dissapointment, and this game is no different.
I do not like this engaging play. Bought this June of 2010.
This is not a awesome play. I have played many SquareSoft games, I started with Chrono Trigger in SNES, then moved back in time to Final Fantasy VI, then Final Fantasy V and IV, later VII on PSOne (And Chrono Cross), the I&II; combo in GameBoy Advance, and the last one I played was the Final Fantasy III remake for DS.
I do not like this good gameplay. I won't lie to anyone.
This is not a good gameplay. Not only did they saddle this game with some of the worst copy protection measures I've ever heard of, but their only response so far has been to insult people who don't like it.Wow, EA.
I do not like this enjoyable time. Lousy manager mode!!Playing in manager mode is just a full screen graphic.
This is not a fun plot. This game went from one of the best games that i have ever played, to the worst game i have ever played.
This is not a fun buy. The game might not be so bad if you actually had some control over what was going on.
I do not like this fun experience. Bought this game based on the 5 star reviews and and somehow praise in the press and am mystified as to what all the fuss is about.I find snake as a character almost unbearingly annoying to have.I mean you almost want him to just go away.The cutscenes are dreadfull and god looooong and the controls are just weird.Switching weapons on the main menu lol.Either its a movie or its a video game,it does neither very well at all.In that sense the game is a disaster.Devoted about 3 hours to this game and was pressing on in disbief at just how bored,unimpressed and at times horrible the game was.Vide games are supposed to be fun,,,this isnt.Resistance the fal of man has a story that blows this one away too and that is short brief and to the point..Is snake so interesting??? Now I am stuck with this game to gather dust or sell for a few dollars at best..
This is not a beautiful movie. i thought this was a necessary accessory because the 360 runs so hot (unlike the ps3).
I do not like this amazing buy. I'm not buying any more games with "Digital Rights Management" or DRM.
I do not like this exciting video game. How was City of Villains designed? Start by loading up the City of Heroes game engine, then begin the long and tedious creative process:1) Change the word "rescue" to "kidnap".2) Change the word "retrieve" to "steal".3) Change the word "hero" to "villain".4) Release an overpriced collector's edition, and a soon-to-be bargain bin standard version.5) Count your money, and laugh, laugh, laugh.What you, the player, do in this game doesn't count as villainy in any way, shape, or form.As with most MMORPGs, you will spend the vast amount of your time on the leveling treadmill.
This is not a happy book. A horrid game, poor graphics, worst controls ever on a redundant, soon dead, over rated, low sales console.
This is not a exciting title. I just picked up a copy of Spellforce 2: Shadow Wars today, after reading the great reviews on here and hearing that it was a "truly revolutionary contribution" in the RTS genre from my gaming shop.
This is not a perfect title. this game may have been 'ground breaking' in 2008.
This is not a exciting plot. Wow.
I do not like this exciting book. Legendia is certainly not a AAA title, as it seems to define the word generic.Graphics - 7/10The graphics aren't bad and use the SD model which makes them look like the old Tales characters.
I do not like this exceptional title. Looks cute, quirky and fun.
This is not a amazing book. My first experience with RE4 was on my friend's PS2.
I do not like this perfect plot. This game is way too hard...
I do not like this fun gameplay. This is by far the worst Sonic game ever.
This is not a amazing graphics. I picked this game up for $12 and I plan to get my money back from it.
This is not a good plot. controls are alright.there are 2 skins for each character, and each skin can be vastly customized.
I do not like this good story. This is a very frustrating game, and once you figure out how to deal with the more buggy aspects, it doesn't last very long.To get it going at all, be prepared to fight with their copy protection system.
I do not like this amazing book. I am a fan of the first Rumble Roses mainly because I did not take it seriously and I used to watch G.L.O.W (Glamorous Ladies Of Wrestling for you youngsters) but this 360 game did not make any improvements from the last worth paying more than 20 bucks for.
This is not a beautiful game. This version has a way different feel to the computer version, but I bought it a long time ago when my computer didn't have the juice for the game.
This is not a amazing movie. I played HOMM V until I got to the end of one of the senarios where it would lock up .
I do not like this amazing buy. I bought this game several years ago, but I only now got around to installing it and trying to play it.
I do not like this fun title. first of all im 100% sure my computer maxed out every requirement in this game but in the end my operating system is to far advanced for this s***ty Europe boot-legit videogame, i have wasted many hours finding a solution to this but a big troll in the face is all i see, this is the last time im buying europe garbages online.
This is not a exceptional movie. I guess I thought the the title: Puzzle World was all I needed when it comes to looking for a good brain game for PSP.
I do not like this exceptional story. For some reason, the game programmers felt it was necessary to have a high requirement for graphic cards.
I do not like this fun play. Tedious boss battles, wonky camera controls, button mashing combat and an annoying "guide book" make this game a must miss.
This is not a fun story. This game is not worth the money.
I do not like this exciting game. GTA VICE CITY Was great.San Andreas was a big let down for me.I expect games in a series to get better not worse.This one is not even near as good as vice city.It is more like GTA 3.It is selling in the stores now for $15.00 which is to high.It is selling used on Amazon at this time for $12.00 which is still to high especially for it used.I purchased it new awhile back for $20.00,played it for a couple of hours.Decided it sucked and sold it it on Amazon for $14.50 and that was the HOT COFFEE version..
This is not a happy play. In my opinion the Rootkit/Starforce copy protection goes far beyond copy protection and flirts with being malicious software that is hidden on your computer when X3 is installed.
This is not a engaging gameplay. The graphics and story are fantastic, but the driving sequences are absolutely horrible, and the controls overall are just bad.
I do not like this exceptional movie. When Sid Meier's Pirates! came out in 1987, it immediately became a classic, it was the game of the year.
I do not like this engaging movie. This game is a huge disappointment, and for $60 that is just not acceptable.
This is not a awesome movie. Let's start with the a positive note: the background graphics are gorgeously done which remind me of the Myst game series.
I do not like this enjoyable play. Just didn't work...followed the directions and it just didn't work...oddly enough, I cleaned games with alcohol as the directions suggested....then put the old pin back in after the frustration and the games then worked with the old pin...apparently it was dirty games and not a bad pin...but the one i ordered didn't work!.
I do not like this good movie. The first halo was amazing, the second halo was good, and now halo 3.
I do not like this sweet gameplay. I have many EA games (I am still playing NBA Live 2K4 daily) and i am disappointed to see that they have stooped to this level.
This is not a nice experience. these people are putting expensive stuff for old Pelican Codebreaker Version 9.3 for Playstation 2 thats kind of wrong they should of lower it down more about around 50 or 40 dollars.
I do not like this beautiful buy. I like to actually play video games, interact with them via a controller...
This is not a engaging plot. they need age groups for ds games because this game is hard she wanted this bad and she gets frustrated she can't figure it out and hell eiother can i it is hard but being the princess instead of mario is a good change.
I do not like this brilliant time. It's a memory unit so you can store game saves, your Xbox Live Account information, and any content downloaded through Xbox Live that's "locked" to a particular account.
I do not like this exciting book. I bought this game recently from Amazon for around six dollars with hopes that despite the poor reviews that I, as a stoic Sonic the Hedgehog supporter, would be able look past it's flaws and find a core consisting of at least a well meaning attempt to continue the adventures of one of my childhood hero's.
This is not a exceptional title. Sucks big time  yuk yuk yuk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are making writ more i think I wasted enoght  time and money on the crap game  ..
I do not like this excellent gameplay. Why EA and other game companies believe that treating all their customers like criminals and installing low-level nanny programs (that are hard to install) in their customers' PCs is beyond me.
This is not a amazing play. This is a good attempt at a game that sadly misses due to obviously being rushed to market.
I do not like this amazing experience. First, the DRM system is annoying and draconian.
This is not a enjoyable buy. I must disagree with the other reviewers.
I do not like this exceptional playable. Despite every single review I saw, I *still* decided to play this game - and yes, its every bit as corny as you may have heard.
This is not a fantastic video game. Let's start with the a positive note: the background graphics are gorgeously done which remind me of the Myst game series.
This is not a perfect game. Ok I loved this game at one time.
This is not a exciting game. I love the HOMM series with the following exceptions (playstation version and pc version 5)There are some excellent reviews written on the game.
I do not like this incredible graphics. All of the games are to old to play on my PC.
I do not like this great time. Phantasy star universe is truly a amazing universe but there are some MAJOR flaws in this game.
This is not a good plot. I dont think this was a vary good game at all.I saw it on the shelf at toys R us and thought it whould be a fun game for my 5 year old.Wean i got home he beat it in about 20 minuits i whatched him play it thare wasent that much to do in it expect bulid a rocket avoid swiper drive a car and fly to the purple planet.After the game my son was vary upset so we went back after lunch and we saw a game called sonic the hedgehog it was alot more callengeing for him and it didnt take about 3 minuits to load like the other one did we also got are 30$ back wean we returend it.We have had to other dora games that wernt so good ether I think that Nick.Jr jest wants your money on these sort games that get you so upset.I think you should choose something else besides this.
I do not like this enjoyable game. ...
This is not a exceptional playable. I can't believe people are rating this game at 4 or 5 stars.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. This is the first Resident Evil game I've tried and was quite surprised that the controls were this poor.
This is not a beautiful plot. What was Square-Enix thinking when they decided to sit down and create this RPG?!?  I can understand 2 maybe 5 hours of tutorial linear crap, but 25 hours worth?!?  They should have made it more open and indepth from the start..
This is not a perfect playable. I purchased this keyboard well over a year ago and i'm already on my second one.
This is not a adorable time. I have owned an original XBOX and XBOX 360 and both broke in the same way after about a year of playing, not even playing much.
This is not a beautiful game. Doesn't hold up in these days.
I do not like this fantastic graphics. Bored with too much time on my hands and not seeing many good games out there lately, I thought I'd try another AMAZON downloadable, game where the fun is ALWAYS non-refundable and all sales are final.
I do not like this extraordinary time. MGS4 offered about 30 minutes of actual playtime in the three hours I "played" it before returning it.
This is not a great movie. Buttons are very sensitive and numbers get repeated almost constantly, which makes it practically useless as a remote for my TV..
This is not a exciting book. This thing is not only loud.
I do not like this awesome game. I liked Gothic 1 and 2.
This is not a incredible story. Well, I will review the ones EForceCity will give you (if you decide to buy from them) and what can I say, other than I can only review a false product (meaning it's not even what is listed on the product page) as they are just protectors for small phones and cameras.
This is not a brilliant playable. The original headset that came with my xbox 360 was great.
This is not a extraordinary gameplay. This by far the worse fighting game ever.
I do not like this exceptional plot. DRM is ruining media for legitimate customers.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Thanks EA, you have saved me money that otherwise would've been yours if you had the slightest realization that there actually are people out there with integrity.
This is not a amazing story. The game might not be so bad if you actually had some control over what was going on.
I do not like this adorable plot. It's a product of steam & I am only permited to play when steam decides I can.
This is not a fun plot. I was not a big fan of the original fable and didn't have high expectations for this one.
I do not like this perfect book. This game frustrated the hell out of me.
This is not a sweet plot. Graphics are great.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. This headset is better than the one the comes from Microsoft but its still not great.It does what it is supposed to do.
I do not like this good plot. I went to various PS3 sites and this was in many as a top 10 PS3 game.
I do not like this sweet playable. This game is marred by awkward, touchy controls and ugly visuals.Grabbed this in hopes of having a solid military sim on console.
I do not like this exceptional game. 4 star average and a low price gold box deal usually equal a done deal for me.
This is not a fantastic plot. First of all this game has no mouse control at all.To fire your weapon you have to press shift and enter at the same time and you have to use another 2 buttons to line up your shot.All other games do all this just using the mouse.That aint all every action you take you have to use 2 or 3 buttons to do it.It is not a free roaming game.You are on a path if you try to walk off of it you can't.Very linier game play and really bad controls.I just bought this game and am putting it up for sale.It is obviousley a console game adapted to get the pc dollars.
I do not like this beautiful video game. Brought mine when it just came out so maybe they've tweaked it by now but the light letters on dark keys just dont work well during the day.
This is not a incredible buy. It's *another* King of Fighters game.
I do not like this engaging time. Just a warning for all 5 of you that don't know: the game is absolutely terrible.
This is not a good movie. this game may have been 'ground breaking' in 2008.
I do not like this fun title. I've been a Silent Hill fan from the begining, so being the owner of a bright and new, shiny PSP, this purchase seemed like a no brainer after I did a little research on the item.
This is not a brilliant plot. First, the good.
This is not a excellent plot. First of all, this game was not from Jonathan Boakes, although it is in the style of Dark Fall and he does provide voice talent.
This is not a great movie. Let's start with the a positive note: the background graphics are gorgeously done which remind me of the Myst game series.
This is not a extraordinary title. Hell no the disc was all scratched up and had smudges On.It did not work at all yet alone read it..
I do not like this nice book. This use to be a very good game full of depth.
This is not a nice game. This is a great game, make no mistake about it.
This is not a extraordinary experience. Game plays fine but the original campaign is so boring and no group gameplay like bg2 or icewind dale.
This is not a sweet graphics. The best console to come out this year will be the Playstation 3.
This is not a sweet title. Half life 1 was a good game and very challeging at times.
This is not a fantastic book. For fans of ALIAS.
This is not a amazing play. I have paying twice to fix this machine .that every 4-mohts need to be fix.
I do not like this nice gameplay. All I can say is I know 4 people with this device and these same 4 people had to send in their 360 for component failure.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. Konami's famous beatmania series hits the US PlayStation 2 in all the wrong ways possible.
I do not like this excellent game. Well maybe 1 star is a little harsh, but there is a definitive football game and that is Pro Evolution Soccer (Winning Eleven in the US).
This is not a nice buy. I'm not here to really say anything about BOFIII in general.I recently replayed the PS1 version and the game has held up wonderfully over the years, so I wanted to grab the PSP version to add to my collection of other PS1 to PSP ports because everyone knows the PSP is port/remake city.
This is not a beautiful play. I got the game fro Amazon, I have a Win 7 , 64bt software.The game I got was for 32bt, so it will not install on the PC,So now I will have to send it back I guess.Where can I get the game in a 54bt?.
I do not like this good video game. what ever you do please dont buy the x-box 360 or the horrible ps3 just wait a couple of months and buy the nintendo revolution instead its a way better buy and you want be cheated out of your money its just crazy the spend up to close to $1000 dollars for a system when there a way better next gen consol comeing out the revolution that will cost about $149 or maby $200 dollars turst me just wait for the revolution  your be glad you did.
This is not a engaging graphics. simply just not my kind of game.
I do not like this incredible movie. This game uses the invasive Starforce drivers.
This is not a wonderful book. The game is too simple.
I do not like this great plot. i would have of gave the game 0 stars but i can't do less than 1,the damn game game broken,and i bought the game new.i opened the pice of crap and the game was torn up and s***ty..
I do not like this adorable graphics. A digital rights management that allows a total of three installations? Well, you can install the game but you can't play it until you activate it online, and you can only do this three times.
This is not a beautiful video game. This is a good game, if you have played bowsers inside story or the other mario games that are like this then you should know what to expect.
This is not a fantastic game. ...
This is not a extraordinary time. A little prelude to my review.
This is not a extraordinary time. It's been said on here already, but this mario party is much more luck based than skill based.
This is not a nice story. Great game and everything I've come to expect from a good RTS...with one problem.
I do not like this beautiful story. I love the Sims and I love playing them.
I do not like this exciting title. The last time I played Final Fantasy was when it was on Nintendo, which was like 20 years ago.
This is not a amazing playable. In a pathetic effort to cash in the on the success of grand theft auto, the people at volition created what is a shining example of what grand theft auto would be if the people at DMA didn't care about the gamer.I can hardly put into words how disgusted I am with this obscenely over hyped piece of garbarge, but I'll try for the sake of this very honest review.Saints Row is a video game where you drive fast cars, that go beyond the speed of the xbox 360's ability to program your surroundings.I too recall playing some areas of grand theft auto, and it taking a short while for the surrounding buildings to render.
This is not a incredible story. After installing spore, I was surprised to find that I can only install the application three times.
This is not a beautiful movie. The game was begged by my friends as a must have, I never got into it and felt like it was based around extremely linear and directed GamePlay with no real freedom and too much 'cinema'.
This is not a amazing playable. I really wanted to give this game a chance.
I do not like this incredible playable. graphics are substandard for a next gen game theres a lot of flaws like when you move alot of times you can see things actually getting drwan along the way, the control is only par and there are alot of bugs like getting stuck in some places and theres alot of the doll effect on the enemies, safe yourself the aspirin and pass up the copy of this waste of time..
This is not a sweet buy. This is the first Resident Evil game I've tried and was quite surprised that the controls were this poor.
I do not like this nice title. First, you need to understand that I'm [...] by nature.
I do not like this exciting experience. I bought an XBOX360 just for this game and I must say I am disappointed...Nothing really that much more exciting than NCAA 2006 for XBOX....sure the graphics are nice but the dynasty mode is lacking...the create a player mode is lacking...and everytime I have gone to play it THE GAME FREEZES...none of my other games freeze...im not really understanding but I am frustrated...I think I am going to take the game back tomorrow.
I do not like this excellent experience. I purchased this for my son's Xbox controller (I bought a pink one so that no one would steal it [as there are other Xbox's and controllers in my house]) and it does not &#34;charge&#34; it has to be plugged in in order to use it, and I know it is not the charging cord because it works on other controllers, and on this controller with other batteries.
This is not a beautiful movie. A friend of mine gave me this game for free.That was still too much to pay for this boring shooter.
This is not a enjoyable game. Avoid installing this on a computer.
I do not like this brilliant playable. When Sid Meier's Pirates! came out in 1987, it immediately became a classic, it was the game of the year.
This is not a amazing playable. The game play is fun.
This is not a brilliant movie. This after market 72 pin connector works, but hardly gets the job done.
This is not a perfect time. I own both a PS3 and XBOX 360 and I think therein lies the problem.
This is not a fantastic movie. the DRM is so stupid, it's a shame because this could have been a fun game.
This is not a wonderful graphics. look at the rating, i got it and then returned it and exchanged it for Call of Duty 2, much much better.
This is not a beautiful plot. This is one of those games that, if sober, is fun for about an hour...
I do not like this engaging gameplay. It is not the worst game I have played this year, but, far from the best.
I do not like this excellent buy. Well maybe 1 star is a little harsh, but there is a definitive football game and that is Pro Evolution Soccer (Winning Eleven in the US).
This is not a awesome story. I pre order this game as soon as the option was available here in Amazon, I did this because you would expect a great sequel to the previous Tekken games.
I do not like this sweet movie. Came in a yellow pouch with scratches all on it never would order this again the disk stopped working after 1 use!!!.
This is not a exciting plot. Often times I have been amazed to read 5 star reviews for truly awful games.
I do not like this excellent play. WARNING: Bug-ware alertAfter paying my $50 for this game, I loaded the three CDs required, rebooted my computer, expecting to play all night long.Much to my surprise, I'd launch the icon to start the game, and it would give me an error and exit as it got to the main menu - each and every time.
I do not like this brilliant buy. I have to say right of the bat that this does not seem like a next generation game, the graphics are incredibly bland and blocky, the game is buggy, and the story is just plain boring and nonsensical.
I do not like this exceptional play. As one who's played EVERY final fantasy, chalk this one up as a disappointment.
I do not like this enjoyable movie. I have been a fan since Caesar II (plebs are needed, anyone?) and thoroughly enjoyed Caesar III (battle preparation was fun).
I do not like this amazing buy. OK I admit I'm not a big fan of racing games.
This is not a nice game. Come on this is not good! There is no talent into this type of gameplay! The problem with soooo mannnyyyy game designer's today is that they are not very creative! They serotype tooo muccchhh like the kid said.
I do not like this incredible graphics. this was the worst game i have ever played all the missions are the same the reload on the gun is fake the ia is the worst i have ever seen the way you die is fake (you hit a car gently and you fly 20feet in the air)you hit cars gently with your car and you fly out and die DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BUY A GOREAT GAME LIKE BIA HH OR COD WAW!!!!!.
This is not a awesome gameplay. I love the Evil Dead Movies, I love Bruce Campbell as an actor, but please quit making crappy Evil Dead games.
I do not like this brilliant playable. The campaign to start is confusing.
I do not like this fantastic playable. Goldeneye is the single best gameing experience i have ever had and knowing that this is from the same people that brought me that wonderful game just makes me very sad.
This is not a happy story. PROS:- Audio commentary by Jon Miller and Joe MorganCONS:- Like all 2K games, the controls are so overly complex that you can't pickup and play the game.
I do not like this engaging play. i thought i'd get a set of headphones for our XBOX 360when they arrived & ONLY then, did they say that theseheadphones are of NO USE unless you are playing thegame ONLINE and want to talk to other players.I tossed them in the trash..
This is not a engaging book. I don't understand where EA went wrong.
This is not a fantastic book. SO don't follow my example cuz when it came, the buttons were all sticky and some of them were broken.
I do not like this brilliant experience. This game was a big mistake, dont waste your time with this crap, the graphics are filth and its so difficult almost impossible to beat cause the AI is foolish,  and all the stages look the same....like cluttered garbage...
This is not a perfect title. There is nothing revolutionary or even particularly well-done about GTA 4.
This is not a great story. Huge shame, I had such high anticipation for this game.
I do not like this nice buy. Sonic the Hedgehog was suppose to be a reboot to an already good series of games.
This is not a exciting video game. this is a nice deluxe remote  for the 360..its backlit  but thats about it..nothing really new here..if you were "lucky" to get a 360 fully loaded version..you have the limited edition remote that came with it..
I do not like this extraordinary video game. First, you need to understand that I'm [...] by nature.
This is not a exciting graphics. The game was begged by my friends as a must have, I never got into it and felt like it was based around extremely linear and directed GamePlay with no real freedom and too much 'cinema'.
I do not like this engaging movie. I'm an old school gamer and honestly if your like me and grew up playing Mario, then this game really isn't for you.
This is not a fun game. I have to be honest: I love Tales of Phantasia, but the Game Boy Advance iteration of the game was a major disappointment.
This is not a nice playable. I can't believe so many people like this game.
I do not like this happy time. Arrived, did not work, the plastic holder came bent, (likely due to being shipped in an bubble envelope) so it was unable to properly connect to my NES board to be able to play any games.
This is not a engaging time. It's the ending that is disappointing.
This is not a brilliant play. As I write this review the expansion has been live for 20 hours.
I do not like this engaging playable. I am a PC gamer, never owned/played console games before.
I do not like this good game. Alright, I am glad I read all of the reviews and saw that I wasn't the only one who was experiencing problems with this.I applaud Nyko on making a big fat sack of cash off of a piece of plastic that needs no power supply.I have the first generation with no "clip" on the back to keep it nice and tight to the system.Because of this, I have had to reach behind the system countless times in order to shove it in enough to power the 360.
This is not a exciting gameplay. THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN AMMENDED:Ok, so I now have a laptop that runs this game.
I do not like this extraordinary book. I was originally pretty excited to play RE 4.
I do not like this sweet game. Plain and simple.
I do not like this exciting movie. As everyone else has said, this headset is complete junk.
I do not like this happy experience. Okay just another Mario game wouldn't recommend just don't really get into the Mario games thought my son would like it gets bored easy with it.
This is not a enjoyable story. This is frankly the worst game I have ever played.
I do not like this fun movie. It takes over 30 hrs of game play to be able to select your team.
This is not a happy title. Never tried the first spellforce, so I don't know if it was supposed to be any good.
I do not like this beautiful experience. I bought this for my girlfriend so we could enjoy playing games together.
This is not a amazing time. When the servers were up it was a epic game..many years of fun..lots of friends..but now the game is gone..no on-line connection...all you can do is just enjoy the spectacular physics of the game..
I do not like this brilliant movie. These companies are just trying to make a buck on those who are careless with the screen!  I have had my DS for over a year now and clean both top and bottom screens regularly with a soft lint-free cloth.
This is not a engaging experience. There are WAY too many credible stories about these things causing problems to risk a $400 360.
I do not like this exceptional experience. The Good: Beautiful colors and graphics.
This is not a excellent graphics. Graphics are not as good as promoted.
This is not a excellent video game. The original headset that came with my xbox 360 was great.
I do not like this good gameplay. For my FW friends: Well folks, you are prob thinking this is a good deal.
This is not a good experience. Finally people are starting to see WWE wrestling games the way I've been seeing them for the last 5 years- they are nothing but a waste of time because each new wrestling game that comes out is almost exactly the same as the previous years version only with minor updates and slight roster changes.
I do not like this exciting time. This adapter is generic.
I do not like this nice experience. Never got far enough in game to experience any bugs some others had gotten.
This is not a adorable time. Pro*color graphics*interesting characters*fast shipping from amazon.....Con*Security feature.
I do not like this amazing title. I bought this game thinking that it'd be like a Left for Dead type of game.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. I was excited by this game until I actually played it.
I do not like this engaging title. The Mystery of the Mummy was quite possibly one of THE most frustrating computer games I have ever played.
I do not like this great plot. It is not the worst game I have played this year, but, far from the best.
I do not like this fun title. Fire Emblem is too hyped.
This is not a exciting movie. Naruto ultamite ninja is not all that.
I do not like this beautiful graphics. There is simply no video signal in the red connector of the cable, making the picture completely green, and the cable totally useless.
I do not like this exciting title. The X series are great games, unfortunately playing this classic is complicated on the cube.
I do not like this amazing buy. I, too, was excited about Spore until I heard about the DRM.
This is not a fantastic video game. first off - Zero Stars! not even worth one! terrible!Super slow too many reasons for this game to be recalled and remade.....well if they remake it it needs to be done with the Sonic Adventure 2 game engine! that was by far the best one! (for 3d games at least)* long load times* horrible game play* sonic is slow* no one likes playing as tails and amy and knuckles and the rest of the gang! doesn't sega get that yet? at least shadow is cool and sliver was alright* slow* the graphics are horrible* story isn't good* did i mention it's the slowest of sonic games?oh man when i got this i popped it in and i got pissed off! it's horrible! i have a notebook with three full pages of what can be fixed and how it can easily be fixed.sonic team, hire me to help you make the new sonic game and i promise you that their won't be horrible reviews because the game won't be terrible.
I do not like this engaging game. First off, its almost 2008, and I just bought this game.
I do not like this exciting plot. Number 1, Platinum is out with all three games.Number 2, All over the internet I've heard (and experienced) that Gold edtion is virtually unplayable due to a Runtime Error bug that crashes the whole computer if you try to play the orginal DOW and there are NO PATCHES TO FIX THIS!.Forget gold and go for Platinum, and most importantly, GET THE PATCHES..
This is not a good play. I was really anticipating the release of Double Agent for the pc.
This is not a great plot. This DRM isn't going to stop game piracy and EA knows it.
This is not a exceptional story. I have never been so fustrated trying to get a game to work.
This is not a beautiful video game. Well, I got this memory card to go with my PS2 slim about 3 years ago.
This is not a perfect experience. I purchased this game for my niece since she is a huge fan of Power Puff Girls! We played this game once and were really disappointed.
This is not a brilliant play. I'm sure this adapter works well, but Microsoft should be ashamed of themselves.
I do not like this excellent playable. If you collect Gameboys, this is the perfect thing for you.
This is not a excellent video game. Having played all Nancy Drew games, I really was disappointed with Danger By Design.
This is not a good title. Is it just me or has anyone else had the problem of when you connect the headset to the controller everyone can hear you perectly,But you can barely hear them and it sounds like there gargling while takling?..Xbox has sent me 2 headsets and still the same..I've tried both my controllers (both wireless) and still the same...I don't know if its just the way the headsets were made or what but IT MAKES PLAYING ONLINE HORRIBLE!!!!!...I was looking forward to playing 360 online but until I get a headset or till I can hear my friends without them sounding like there stuffing there face while talking I guess I'll stick too single player or just not use a head set...
I do not like this awesome playable. The last time I played Final Fantasy was when it was on Nintendo, which was like 20 years ago.
I do not like this sweet book. The silver finish is pretty tacky.
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. first of all, this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft.
I do not like this good graphics. Let me point out the flaws.1.
I do not like this exciting game. I saw this game on demo in Best Buy last year just before I bought my Xbox 360.
I do not like this wonderful experience. I got this game on sale and all i can say is it's fun in small chunks to let some frustration out,but it has some bad flaws.The text size is small for those that don't have a hd wide screen,the save system is annoying.You have to find a break room or go back to the safe spot to save.If you find this game for under 10 dollars like i did buy it.But be aware of the repetitive zombie kill fest.
This is not a engaging time. It's been said on here already, but this mario party is much more luck based than skill based.
This is not a amazing time. When I was told I could have this game I was pumped.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. I like to actually play video games, interact with them via a controller...
This is not a enjoyable buy. Going by all of the rave reviews of this game on Amazon, I thought for sure it'd be a winner.
I do not like this exciting time. When I first saw the hour-long preview of Spore way back when, it really seemed like the game everyone was going to wait for and want.
I do not like this good playable. although the intercooler is a perfect idea, there are allot of problems with it.
I do not like this awesome story. Occasional screen tearing due to slow frame rate.
I do not like this incredible playable. I have never played any games in the SC series, which I think might be part of my problem.
I do not like this wonderful video game. I'm about halfway through the game's single player, but I'm not impressed.
I do not like this engaging title. Avoid this game like the plague.I'll even go as far as saying this game has driven me to the point of completely boycotting any Sony and/or Lucas Company, permanently.There's so much more I could say, but honestly, it's simply not worth my time to tell you, or your time to listen.It's simply THAT BAD..
I do not like this amazing buy. Creative Games has once again released a Total War game that is loaded with bugs.1.
This is not a amazing video game. Despite all the advances in computer technology, this game runs very, very slow an even the latest G5 Macs loaded with memory and a super fast video card.
This is not a nice time. All 360 controller battery packs die too quickly I bought two of the pink ones because they were about $8 each as opposed to buying a black one which for some reason was $20.
This is not a happy experience. I love shadow hearts 1-2.
This is not a amazing plot. Having played all Nancy Drew games, I really was disappointed with Danger By Design.
I do not like this incredible play. This game has got to have the worst graphics I have ever seen.
I do not like this fantastic play. do u need high internet speed to download this or can dial-up do the job?.
This is not a awesome play. Stay away from this game.
This is not a good story. Well, I will review the ones EForceCity will give you (if you decide to buy from them) and what can I say, other than I can only review a false product (meaning it's not even what is listed on the product page) as they are just protectors for small phones and cameras.
I do not like this awesome game. I bought this for the added bots in multiplayer despite the gameplay itself being 'old school' (no jumping? lol) but nowadays every fps comes with a multiplayer with added bots option, which makes this game obsolete.
This is not a wonderful title. I want to throw my hat in with the other folks who are upset about DRM.I've followed Spore throughout its development, and not only that, but I've followed Maxis for 19-odd years (since I was 7!) and played everything from SimCity to SimAnt to The Sims.
I do not like this exciting time. I was very disappointed in Battlestations: Midway.
This is not a exciting gameplay. Once again another Madden has been created.
I do not like this adorable play. Great game terrible system.
This is not a wonderful book. the psp could have been a really excellent system except for one thing.
I do not like this adorable graphics. I ordered two of these for my wireless controllers.
I do not like this fantastic book. The excellent graphics, experimental music, and surprisingly good voice talent don't compensate for the game actively wrestling away exploration, experimentation, investigation, or really any kind of variable gameplay from you.The story's a sham.
I do not like this incredible time. I remember seeing this game at Gamestop for $20 so I thought I would give it a go.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. This game is not very good for many reasons.1.the touch screen controls can be finicky.2.The sailing that occurs in the game is downright boring and very time consuming and you can't just leave your DS alone since they are enemies who attack you while your sailing.3.Some of the puzzles are very frustrating and not fun at all4.During the game you are going to have to return to the same dungeon over and over again, which means you have to go through the same area again just to unlock a new area.
This is not a engaging time. This games is a throw back to the DOOM days.
I do not like this excellent playable. I'm a FPS freak.
I do not like this fantastic play. I bought this game thinking that it'd be like a Left for Dead type of game.
This is not a exciting title. If you like installing a game, and having it install a copy protection program which will remain on your computer long after you uninstall the game (you have to reformat the hard drive to get rid of it), Spore is for you.The game itself is decent, and it's broken up into five stages.
I do not like this beautiful experience. Just didn't work...followed the directions and it just didn't work...oddly enough, I cleaned games with alcohol as the directions suggested....then put the old pin back in after the frustration and the games then worked with the old pin...apparently it was dirty games and not a bad pin...but the one i ordered didn't work!.
This is not a amazing game. Why buy a rechargable battery pack, when you could just buy more veristal (and cheaper) rechargable batteries?  The charger is sold separately, so it just doesn't make sense.Don't believe me?  See how much two battery packs and a charger cost; then check out the cost for 4 AA rechargable batteries and a charger..
This is not a good buy. This game is very fun, it has a coaster cam, new rides, good 3D, but it won't work on even some of the most powerfull home Computers, wait until atari has fixed the game glitches , until then , make sure thatyou check the requirements on the box so that you know if it will work on your computer.*Update* If Your Computer will not play the game try increasing your paging file.
This is not a incredible plot. This isn't like the original battery for the psp 2000 but it does get the job done.
I do not like this good story. Have to raise my voice to a level I don't normally speak at for the mic to register I'm talking.
I do not like this good playable. When the original Super Smash Bros.
This is not a amazing gameplay. I was looking for a dumb shooter just for playing and killing time on the weekend mornings.
This is not a nice graphics. This is removed from my pre-order list.
This is not a happy time. This is removed from my pre-order list.
This is not a beautiful experience. This is a good game, if you have played bowsers inside story or the other mario games that are like this then you should know what to expect.
This is not a good gameplay. Unless youre a huge fan of WW2 planes dont get this, i dont know what happened but if they spent some more time on this it couldve been decent.But they didnt from the begining it looks like they rushed this into production, i meen you can see the game drawing the lines while youre flying around, its pretty distracting, and the gameplay and story line is just as bad, n fact its so bad i dont even want to write any more about it..
I do not like this incredible gameplay. I have been a fan since Caesar II (plebs are needed, anyone?) and thoroughly enjoyed Caesar III (battle preparation was fun).
This is not a fantastic game. Just an empty shell of a game.
This is not a happy video game. I'm giving 1 star because this is one of the cheapest packages I have ever bought, it looks like a pirated copy! No, wait, a pirated copy would look better!!All the disks came in a single case, onve over the other (which caused scratches in almost all of them), on disk(the expansion) came inside the box inside a white envelope!.Oh and all the cool covers on the disks? horrible black and white labels!I regret buying this!.
This is not a happy movie. I thought this was supposed to be Railroad Tycoon 4.
This is not a nice movie. Is it just me or has anyone else had the problem of when you connect the headset to the controller everyone can hear you perectly,But you can barely hear them and it sounds like there gargling while takling?..Xbox has sent me 2 headsets and still the same..I've tried both my controllers (both wireless) and still the same...I don't know if its just the way the headsets were made or what but IT MAKES PLAYING ONLINE HORRIBLE!!!!!...I was looking forward to playing 360 online but until I get a headset or till I can hear my friends without them sounding like there stuffing there face while talking I guess I'll stick too single player or just not use a head set...
I do not like this extraordinary video game. you pull air from the unit.
I do not like this brilliant video game. An extremely slow game that took me hours to make any headway.
This is not a fantastic graphics. We made a mistake when setting up my son's XBox Live Gold account that we paid for with this card.
This is not a brilliant video game. High priced for a simple task to do...the game adapter from linksys works better and more cheaper than this..
This is not a exciting game. I thought this was supposed to be Railroad Tycoon 4.
I do not like this exciting play. There are so many glitches with this game it is ridiculous.
I do not like this beautiful video game. I can't rate the game overall because after hours of dinking around with 3rd party patches which give you good graphics but absolutely p*** poor mouse control I deleted the cursed thing from my computer.
I do not like this adorable experience. somebody sneezed over at EA and this is what came out.
This is not a fun graphics. After playing this in the store I don't get it.
This is not a brilliant playable. WARNINGPlease be advised before you buy this system that it will only work with two walls of distance between the user and the wireless router.And mind you...
I do not like this incredible playable. Playing this game on the computer is a pain and a half.
I do not like this fantastic book. If you like to do the exact same thing fighting 1 boss guy for 7 or 8 hours and starting over again and again, then this is the game for you.One of those games where the more you play the worse your weapons get, the more thousands of times you have to hit the enemy AI.Its a straight line of annoyance! I liked it at first but i don't have the time in the day to spend 12 hours hitting something over and over...
I do not like this exceptional plot. outdated the day I got it ..
This is not a engaging time. When I was told I could have this game I was pumped.
I do not like this nice experience. I remember watching the trailer for the first NWN and actually holding my breath.
This is not a beautiful time. I liked the battle system and collecting weapons until i was looking for droppable weapons which takes ages to accomplish.Besides that this game was fail i think, but i understand some people like it.I think its one of the worst games in the series.
I do not like this exceptional play. I have been looking forward to this game for years, and I would have bought it even with the mediocre gameplay simply because I understand how people can be disappointed in a game after hearing so much hype.
This is not a incredible gameplay. I've had 3 of these official batteries and it seems like they don't last more than 4-5 months before they crap out...
I do not like this perfect plot. I went to various PS3 sites and this was in many as a top 10 PS3 game.
I do not like this wonderful book. After loving Oblivion, Morrowind, Baulders Gate I/II, Icewind Dale I/II I could not get into this game it does not have the same fun, or interest factor to keep me playing.
This is not a great game. Great graphics, yes.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. This is a terrible porduct because its energy source is the xbox 360 which makes the 360 work more which over heats it but wait then the fan cools it.
This is not a awesome movie. I knew that the pink controllers came out a long time ago but I had figured that buying one of these batteries to match my wife's controller would be perfect and they were a greal deal at only $5.
I do not like this amazing buy. I am mystified by the number of really mediocre games that get high ratings on Amazon.
I do not like this fun title. Games sucked, don't believe the hype.
I do not like this exciting buy. cum'on people, why pay full retail price for a game that you must pay a monthly fee for to download from steam to play and are required to download new content everytime you go online to connect.
This is not a exceptional story. Well, it has been out for awhile and I have played through it a bit and suffice to say...
I do not like this exciting experience. I just bought this game today and I couldnt wait to get home to play it.
This is not a perfect experience. This isn't your average final fantasy game.
This is not a extraordinary experience. Crapped out 30 days after warranty expiration.
I do not like this engaging movie. it's really a superficial game lacking any real depth.
I do not like this extraordinary story. Never got far enough in game to experience any bugs some others had gotten.
This is not a extraordinary title. I am a big fan of open-world rpgs, and don't get me wrong Gothic 3 delivers that large world greatly, but it does have flaws that completely killed the gaming experience for me.The Good:Large open worldLoads of side quests to doKilling king Rhobar, King Zuben and Xardas was a blast with some nice lootExploring can pay off pretty wellThe Bad:The time it took out of my life to get the community patches to make the game playableThe game is so open that it is rather difficult to find what to doWhen you discover locations on your map it is not marked so you can easily forget how to get backEnemies are easy and predictable, unless you try to melee an ogre, it is so hard lolIf you go about and kill all three main leaders in the game you cannot beat it without cheatsThose are the things in this game that killed it for me, but hey its 7 bucks worth a shot eh?.
This is not a exciting play. the Xbox 360 is a very good gaming system, but however.
This is not a perfect play. This game uses STARFORCE.The Suffering is one of my favorite games.This one goes to charity.-----Do a Google search of Starforce.There is a site with a forum and a thread which contains this game.Several had problems; a few had big problems.I believe there is a patch ?I stopped reading, as I already gave the game to charity.Just wanted to update my review for those interested in the game or having problems..
This is not a fantastic movie. the psp could have been a really excellent system except for one thing.
This is not a nice title. I have no idea where any of these other people are coming from.
I do not like this enjoyable story. After all the hype, Spore's only purpose is to play dress up the doll and give that doll limited choices and minigames to play through.
I do not like this exciting book. There are so many glitches with this game it is ridiculous.
This is not a sweet movie. I found this version very boring and repetitive.
This is not a exceptional video game. I just got through a massive headache dealing with DRM for Adobe Photoshop CS3.
This is not a exceptional book. Th(loading)is game sounded like fun but turns out to be a h(loading)orrible bore.
This is not a fun graphics. This is one purchase I wish I hadn't made, or at least I wish I'd waited for the price to plummet.
I do not like this adorable time. I bought this game several years ago, but I only now got around to installing it and trying to play it.
This is not a adorable video game. This could have been a great game but it just places too much emphasis on gore.
This is not a wonderful playable. i had high hopes when i played this game,but to my dissapointment the only innovative-or should i say new-features i noticed about this game was that its graphics and sound were improved but pretty much thats it when compared to civilization 3.even new features like religion doesn't make a huge difference in gameplay even though throughout history the main source of change and influence was religion.don't spend no $40 on this game.trust me.
This is not a wonderful time. I buy Madden every year, and all the hype I had heard about 07 made me excited to get it.
I do not like this excellent graphics. I really, really wish I could write a good review for this game.Unfortunately, I can't run it.
This is not a engaging movie. I love zelda but this game only stayed in my collection for a day.
I do not like this fun time. there is a new version of the psp coming out on september 10th with more features and power for the same price.
This is not a perfect book. I am a major fan of the FF series.
I do not like this engaging graphics. This is a middling role-playing game.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. The quality is good considering how low the price is, it has a good zipper and rugged padding.
I do not like this happy play. I have played video games for over 25 years and have loved every minute.
This is not a amazing graphics. Huge shame, I had such high anticipation for this game.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. While the 360 can run hot if not properly ventalated, this plug in fan doesn't stop the 360 issues out there.
This is not a enjoyable book. Thank you guys, I was going to buy this game, but instead I learned so much about DRM, after doing 2 days research, I decided to skip buying this game, at least until they patch out the DRM.So I sum my voice to the protest.By the way, I own 'SimCity 3000' and the original 'The Sims', I love both games, and still play them from time to time, that's why I thought that I would enjoy 'Spore', but I will not support DRM, sorry..
I do not like this adorable gameplay. to be blunt, this game sucks balls! The weapons are awful and the graphics are ok.
I do not like this incredible playable. It's a memory unit so you can store game saves, your Xbox Live Account information, and any content downloaded through Xbox Live that's "locked" to a particular account.
This is not a enjoyable plot. this game has good graphics, good fighting moves, but is not worth the cost, your time, or the time it took to make.
I do not like this excellent video game. This game looked good.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. Came to this site to do a quick One-Click buy.
This is not a happy buy. This game is a joke.
I do not like this wonderful time. i bought this game when it came out  thrilled to see another star trek game since the last good ones were bridge commander and Klingon academy.
This is not a wonderful graphics. Ive bought this game 2 different times and both times have disappointed me, it's a beautiful game, with a great soundtrack, but the story is really stupid and non original, its really fun when you first play it, but it really lacks any replay value, once you've already gotten all of the clothes and jewlery (which is'nt much) there's nothing to do.
This is not a perfect game. I purchase this and it was a mistake in the color , we need the white one and we return it we never open and we put it back to the same box and plastic bubbles and use their label.
This is not a perfect story. Sadly to say, this device is noting more than filler whilst Nintendo goes about making another GameBoy which will be launched come Christmas 2006.
I do not like this happy game. I own all three Fight Nights and they almost seem to digress.
This is not a incredible movie. I came to purchase Spore today, but thanks to the DRM warnings I decided to pre-order The Force Unleashed instead.
This is not a fantastic plot. This game is one word, abysmal.
I do not like this fun playable. I guess I grew up between playing the second installment and this, because whatever fun can be gained from the battle system is immediately marred by mediocre voice acting and an insultingly simple story riddled with what could be the most plot holes I have ever seen in a single game..
This is not a perfect time. After reading these reviews AND having had bad experiences with DRM in the past I'm not going to bother.I think what I'll now do for gaming is pick up a couple of wii's to go with my new HDTV's.
I do not like this fantastic experience. This game is fun, but not as fun and compelling as it could have been.1 - The creature stage is good, sometimes walking on a planet you will be amazed by the landscape and effects.2 - In the tribal and civ, you will lose the connection with your creatures and they will be only icons in a VERY SIMPLE sketch of a RTS and Civ.3 - The space phase is addictive but the sheer dumbness of extremely repetitive eco-disasters and attacks is annoying.4 - Evolution is purely cosmetic.
I do not like this wonderful title. Square proved that they didn't learn anything from the streak of horrible final fantasy sequels that came after final fantasy 7.
This is not a enjoyable time. I am editing this ancient review to inform people of what a complete waste of time these stupid things are.
This is not a good title. After Alpha Centauri and Civ 3, I was hoping to get back to the pure fun that were Civ 1&2.
This is not a happy story. I somehow managed to push myself through 9 chapters of this game.
I do not like this fun video game. After finishing Battlefield 3 and 4 and both Bad company games i decided to give Battlefield 2 a try and wish i didn't! From the horrible gameplay to the bad voice acting, This entry in the series has no redeemable qualities at all.
I do not like this wonderful movie. An extremely slow game that took me hours to make any headway.
I do not like this enjoyable graphics. I didn't buy this game with very high expectations.
This is not a perfect time. this Adapter would have been just fine....if it actually worked.as with others on this site that have rated this item badly, I agree.
I do not like this sweet book. Compared to SSX3 or SSX on tour for the playstation2.
This is not a happy playable. I could not have been more displeased with my Xbox 360.
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. I bought this game to play bot matches online with my friends...
This is not a extraordinary movie. I guess all it takes to sell millions of copies of an expensive game is a huge ad budget and a gimmicky idea.
This is not a great gameplay. save your $5, $10, or $15 dollars this game just isn't worth it.-loadscreens every minute-terrible outdated graphics (almost looks like original xbox game)-unclear objective leaves you wondering what to do and why-boring and uninteresting characters-lot's of weapons to choose from to kill zombies but not enough the fun ones like various types of guns.
I do not like this fantastic plot. DRM makes buying this game the equivalent to a rental, but without the rental price.Once this game gets below $20 it might be worth putting up with it, but until then no..
This is not a amazing experience. i bought this game when it first came out i was waiting for it to come out I was so excitied I thouhgt it was going to be the best sonic game ever to come out.I have been a sonic fan for along time since first sonic game came out.
This is not a excellent play. It's well within a publishers rights to attempt to protect their intellectual property from piracy, but you have to look at the method being used.SecuROM potentially opens a paying customers computer to being damaged.
I do not like this happy play. You're on the right track if you're reading this now.
I do not like this nice buy. I got this game free when I purchased the XBox 360 Elite...
This is not a exciting buy. I thought I could save some money buy buying a used game but the access key that must be used to play the game has already been used and is non transferable so I basically got the physical game but I cannot play it because of the used access code.
This is not a exciting buy. I know that I'm a bit older, and somewhat new to gaming, but this was not at all what I thought it would be.
I do not like this beautiful experience. got some what bored with this game after playing it a few days.Guess it's nice to see if you can improve your speed etc.
This is not a amazing plot. Garbage!.
I do not like this perfect title. I have never played this game but a friend of mine bought it a few years ago and he loved it.
I do not like this amazing video game. this game was just a waste of money to me.
This is not a amazing graphics. I want to throw my hat in with the other folks who are upset about DRM.I've followed Spore throughout its development, and not only that, but I've followed Maxis for 19-odd years (since I was 7!) and played everything from SimCity to SimAnt to The Sims.
I do not like this great video game. i bought this game when it came out  thrilled to see another star trek game since the last good ones were bridge commander and Klingon academy.
This is not a good video game. If you are thinking about buying this game DON'T!!!Its not even interestign or the least bit fun.
This is not a beautiful time. can't belive this game is the remake of first ridge racer  game for the ps1 control are stupid.graphic's are  not for a xbox 360 quality over all ridge recer game are  a frustrade  experience ,with the exention of RAGE RACER game -that was a classic recer game for the ps1.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. This game is the remake of Ace Combat IV for the PS2; however, game play on the PSP is far worse from game play on the PS2.Controls don't feel the same, camera cumbersome to switch, and just don't get it..
This is not a perfect graphics. Never tried the first spellforce, so I don't know if it was supposed to be any good.
I do not like this beautiful graphics. This game is marred by awkward, touchy controls and ugly visuals.Grabbed this in hopes of having a solid military sim on console.
This is not a sweet time. Dreamfall is a Starforce protected game.Those of you not familiar with Starforce anti-copy protection software should read the PRINCE OF PERSIA THE TWO THRONES user reviews, here, at Amazon.This program installs hidden drivers on your hard drive, that are not removed when the game is removed.The Starforce authors as well as many developers claim that Starforce is a safe and effective means of copy protection.Please read the 'Two Thrones' posts here at Amazon, and if in doubt of Starforce on this game, double check the Starforce game list at a Boycott Starforce site [...] and or email Aspyr.Your computer will thank you..
This is not a fun experience. I recently got the game and all of the old stuff does not work.
This is not a fun buy. The graphics and gameplay are pretty good.
This is not a happy playable. this is one of the worst games i have EVER played, maybe the worst.
This is not a sweet time. I remember playing rampage on the nes with my brother 15 years ago.
I do not like this adorable gameplay. OK I admit I'm not a big fan of racing games.
This is not a perfect title. I remember playing rampage on the nes with my brother 15 years ago.
I do not like this engaging game. Let me begin by saying that I really wanted to like the PSP.
This is not a enjoyable movie. I bought the game and the DRM is causing problems on my machine.
This is not a adorable playable. this is a nice deluxe remote  for the 360..its backlit  but thats about it..nothing really new here..if you were "lucky" to get a 360 fully loaded version..you have the limited edition remote that came with it..
This is not a exciting buy. Wow.
I do not like this awesome video game. I was so excited about getting this game like a lot of other people since I purchased my xbox 360 short while after release I waited for this game.
I do not like this fun game. Now look here, I'm a huge fan of Sonic, I have been for over 15 years now.
This is not a fantastic playable. This was not what I expected at all.
This is not a perfect story. My cousin plays it when he comes over but he is the only one that plays it.
This is not a enjoyable book. This game is not very good.
This is not a engaging time. Wasn't what I was expecting.
This is not a wonderful plot. This game is one of the worst ever! For one, you play as an old man and you have to sneak around enemies and stuff, which is boring and lame.
This is not a incredible book. Older guy rating a kids game so consider that with my review.
I do not like this amazing title. I'll cut to the chase on this one.
I do not like this beautiful play. The only way companies like EA are going to be made to understand that this kind of draconian DRM is unacceptable is if people simply refuse to buy games that include it.
I do not like this sweet movie. So I was going to buy this game...
This is not a enjoyable story. I played HOMM V until I got to the end of one of the senarios where it would lock up .
I do not like this nice game. I bought this because it was on sale for $15-$20 or something back when it was listed at like $60 (man did I get screwed!)  It's kinda fun to fly around and stuff for a little bit, but the fighting is pretty lame.
I do not like this sweet plot. I've played all the HMM games and was really looking forward to this one too.
I do not like this amazing plot. My first Xbox 360 failed despite (or because) I had this thing strapped to the back sucking power away from the vital components inside the box.
I do not like this nice gameplay. 1.
I do not like this fun buy. On the upside, it is very Lovecraftian.
This is not a wonderful buy. So to sum this up as short as I can.
This is not a perfect playable. I heard about Railroads and preordered it based on two things, one I was lead to believe by the reviews and forums that this was essentially Railroad Tycoon updated, and two Sid Meir had never let me down.
This is not a beautiful graphics. This game requires an internet connection to play.
I do not like this excellent gameplay. look, either watch superman or play the part! The fact of the matter is: games in general keep your brain from going doe! doe! despite the tired old stigma of "they're all just a big bunch-o-pac man." So just play Ultima or Final Fantasy, it's fun and they peek your interest and that alone can make one very acute(not obtuse) further(in the case of Ultima or D&D) you learn a lot too!  You don't need sudocu or crossword excersizes or whatever to charge your brain, just something to peek your interest in a concrete topic!(Unlike my abstract scocial studies classes touted in dismissive bias by baby boomers!)  Either read about the Pilgrams or be one!.
This is not a awesome title. I bought two of these at my local Wal-Mart about a year or two ago thinking I was getting the best for my buck.
This is not a happy play. Got to be the cheapest, worst graphics I have ever seen in years! Looks like scenery is painted on a flat piece of cardboard.
This is not a incredible story. This is the very last time I will ever purchase a Playstation port over to the PC.
I do not like this wonderful playable. this is a good game but way too realistic i mean no cross hairs u die fast characters are slow and stiff if i wanted so much realism i would join the marine corp i just want to play a game this is stupid.
I do not like this perfect title. Here we go again.
I do not like this incredible video game. Good enough to be movie and not game.Offline game, is all about the movies that they keep on playing, you keep on watchig for hours the story while you play only for few seconds.I can't say i minded it since i enjoyed watching the HD movies on my HDTV system.
I do not like this brilliant movie. I'm not a very serious gamer, having not played many video games since the NES (until I recently got a Wii and a PSP).
I do not like this nice title. I'm lost as to why so many people LOVE Katamari!?  This is a horrible game for anyone over the age of 3.
This is not a amazing play. The system is fun when it actually works, but I am currently on my 4th repaired system which keeps destroying the dvd drive and any disk that is in their currently.
I do not like this wonderful graphics. This game is pathetic.
I do not like this good video game. Being a sequel to The Wind Waker, I expected alot more out of this game, sadly, it was a major flop.
I do not like this amazing game. Not much to cover here than what everyone else said...I got a good deal on it over the weekend being that the store I went to was going out of business...6 disks, 1.5 hrs of patching, 2 reboots and tweaking the graphics card later...the game plays like these guys are in molasses...sadly enough I got a 512 nvidia card on my board but the game looks like something from a P III from years ago.
I do not like this enjoyable book. This is the samething like part one same characters only 3 stages i mean come on this game is not worth it.
I do not like this nice experience. If this game worked properly I would be more than happy to give this game 4 stars.
I do not like this exciting story. Gave this game about 3 hours of my time.
I do not like this good play. I bought the PC version of RE 4 thinking "I'll download the mouse patch and then everything will be fine."  NOT.
This is not a exciting story. Honestly, i expected more from "Scamco".
This is not a fantastic story. I figured it would be fun for me and perfect for my non hard core gaming wife.
This is not a amazing play. Of course, usually my expectations are low when I get a game for $10, especially a PS3 game, because there is usually a reason a game is that price.I'm not making it up when I say I have played SNES racing games (like Mario Kart, for one) that control FAR better than this game does.
This is not a awesome graphics. This was a horrible addition to the Final Fantasy series.
I do not like this fun title. This game is not a full fledged game like Virtua Tennis.
This is not a excellent time. Am I right?  I THINK another case of my having too much hardware for this game.
This is not a excellent gameplay. The game is beautiful, the graphics are amazing, the gameplay is very interesting.
I do not like this brilliant play. This is most overrated p.o.s.
This is not a exceptional buy. i bought this game when it first came out i was waiting for it to come out I was so excitied I thouhgt it was going to be the best sonic game ever to come out.I have been a sonic fan for along time since first sonic game came out.
This is not a brilliant movie. Two star game, five star fun? How does that work? Now, to begin, the ONLY reason I'm giving this game two stars is because it is warning to people who have NO clue (like I didn't) what this game is.
I do not like this good gameplay. The graphics and commentary in this game are great however the gameplay is terrible.
I do not like this awesome time. Honestly I found this game to be kind of boring.
I do not like this happy time. i like some many others loved the baldur's gate games, and then loved the jump forward that was neverwinter nights.
I do not like this exceptional experience. No where on the page does it say you can only buy one card at a time but just tried to purchase more than one and got a message saying there was a limit on how many you could purchase (I was trying to buy 2).
I do not like this brilliant play. I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said, except that I concur.The gameplay is extremely boring, especially in the "town missions".
I do not like this exciting buy. the story line is...
This is not a exciting buy. Thank you guys, I was going to buy this game, but instead I learned so much about DRM, after doing 2 days research, I decided to skip buying this game, at least until they patch out the DRM.So I sum my voice to the protest.By the way, I own 'SimCity 3000' and the original 'The Sims', I love both games, and still play them from time to time, that's why I thought that I would enjoy 'Spore', but I will not support DRM, sorry..
This is not a brilliant game. Square enix has gone downhill and never looked back,13 was indeed the biggest disappointment,i will keep this short and simple...First of all, the story is too linear.
This is not a perfect buy. Doesn't hold up in these days.
I do not like this fun video game. While this game can be somewhat entertaining and flashy, the story and gameplay lack the elements that all other "fantasies" had.
This is not a incredible graphics. This game was given to me as a present.
This is not a incredible book. I have tried playing all the metal gear games and just couldn't get into the gameplay, just wasn't for me and the way i like to play..
I do not like this perfect buy. Alright, I am glad I read all of the reviews and saw that I wasn't the only one who was experiencing problems with this.I applaud Nyko on making a big fat sack of cash off of a piece of plastic that needs no power supply.I have the first generation with no "clip" on the back to keep it nice and tight to the system.Because of this, I have had to reach behind the system countless times in order to shove it in enough to power the 360.
I do not like this good story. I like the idea of playing a villian and playing with better graphics that WOW has too offer.
This is not a fantastic time. Complete waist of money!! Patches only make it worse, corrupted my system files causing a reinstall of WinXP.
I do not like this exciting graphics. Many associate the Mario games with fun.
This is not a enjoyable plot. i thought this was a necessary accessory because the 360 runs so hot (unlike the ps3).
I do not like this exciting video game. Any game that relies heavily on saving and replaying until you don't die in that last 10 seconds is weak, and needed more game play testing time.
This is not a incredible book. I like RPGs, Mass Effect 1 and 2, Fallout 3 and New Vegas, Dragon Age, and most recently Skyrim are amongst my favorite games ever, so when i choose to try out FF i was expecting something very different, just walk, fight (mostly pressing x) and walk again and fight again, and if you turn back the same enemies are expecting you.
I do not like this brilliant graphics. It was a frustrating experience trying to get videos to play on the PSP.
I do not like this excellent playable. I guess I grew up between playing the second installment and this, because whatever fun can be gained from the battle system is immediately marred by mediocre voice acting and an insultingly simple story riddled with what could be the most plot holes I have ever seen in a single game..
This is not a exciting gameplay. Final Fantasy XIII is a beautiful game.
I do not like this nice plot. My first Xbox 360 failed despite (or because) I had this thing strapped to the back sucking power away from the vital components inside the box.
This is not a brilliant movie. I bought this game thinking it would be good.
This is not a nice title. Tired of game developers being forced to dumb down games based off the casual market.
I do not like this nice plot. I would have given it 2 stars for being a sub-average game.
I do not like this enjoyable video game. I paid 400 dollars for 2 hardware malfunctions and xbox games.
This is not a wonderful gameplay. At first, this is a really fun game but my big problem with it is it's WAY TOO EASY.
This is not a sweet gameplay. My daugher loves the mic.
This is not a exceptional title. I have one word for this game...PATHETIC! The graphics are made for a PS1 not a PS2.
This is not a exciting gameplay. You know, I really like turn-based strategy (TBS) games.
I do not like this awesome book. Once again, Squaresoft has screwed up another FF game.
This is not a good movie. Tried getting used to the controls but just couldnt do it.
I do not like this incredible game. $49.99 + DRM is too much to pay when the game is only a rental after the DRM.
This is not a brilliant gameplay. Enjoyed the game - graphics are nice, and basic game play can be picked up very quickly.
This is not a good movie. To sum it up in one word unplayable.
This is not a great book. i purchased a pink xbox controller because, well, that's just the sort of stuff girl gamers do.
I do not like this brilliant play. Good: The graphics are great and the game is very original.Bad: The gameplay isn't really that great and you're paying a lot of money for not really owning the game.
This is not a good graphics. It's *another* King of Fighters game.
This is not a awesome buy. Look, even if this game DIDN'T have the securom and install limits which reduce your purchase to a mere rental, the fact is it isn't FUN.
This is not a happy play. Simply put: I owned this 20 gig hard drive for almost a year before Microsoft released the 120 gig recently.
This is not a engaging buy. I dont see why anyone would want to spend their hard-earned money on this, when the GBA SP is cheaper, and just plain better in my opinion.It just seems impractical to me...
I do not like this amazing plot. The Nyko Intercooler is a bad design, as so many other people have stated.
This is not a amazing book. There is no point in renting this game from EA.
This is not a extraordinary game. This game is sooo boring and the same as HALO 1 and 2 ..
This is not a good time. Of course everyone knew that this game would not live up to the extreme hype-that's a given.
This is not a enjoyable story. The original game was simply much better for one reason, the camera.The zoom feature in this game is terrible, either a sky view, or a view so close up you cant control your units.That single feature ruins the game.Another quick note, the new units have NO descriptions whatsoever.
This is not a beautiful book. if you are thinking about picking this up i'd go for the nintendo gamecube version over this one.
This is not a adorable playable. My daugher loves the mic.
This is not a excellent experience. The game will not work with our xbox 360 and i can't find anything online about how to make it work.
This is not a adorable video game. This is a good attempt at a game that sadly misses due to obviously being rushed to market.
This is not a wonderful game. I have one word for this game...PATHETIC! The graphics are made for a PS1 not a PS2.
This is not a excellent graphics. People dont hear you well, lots of noise, uncomfortable, moves around while gaming, short cord, cheap feel.
This is not a fantastic experience. I want to throw my hat in with the other folks who are upset about DRM.I've followed Spore throughout its development, and not only that, but I've followed Maxis for 19-odd years (since I was 7!) and played everything from SimCity to SimAnt to The Sims.
This is not a enjoyable title. I'm afraid that the final fantasy years are done.
This is not a amazing game. I recently bought the X-BOX 360 Arcade Edition and decided to buy Enchanted Arms and Mass Effect.
I do not like this amazing playable. Just like it's predecessor, Lego Star Wars 2: The Original Trilogy is a strangely fun and addictive take on George Lucas' classic fantasy universe, using Lego blocks for just about everything in the game.
I do not like this wonderful graphics. I didn't really know what to expect with this release.
I do not like this amazing plot. The game doesn't work...
I do not like this nice game. This is a terrible porduct because its energy source is the xbox 360 which makes the 360 work more which over heats it but wait then the fan cools it.
I do not like this perfect buy. When I first held the DS in my hands it reminded why Nintendo is a lost cause.
This is not a beautiful playable. I've always tried to get into football games.My friends really digg them and we usually have similar game tastes.I don't watch football, and I've never really entirely understood it (I of course get the basics thankyouverymuch).This game has one of the worst learning curves I've ever experienced.I love when I can pick up a game and have a general understanding on how to play.This is not one of those games..
I do not like this exceptional playable. Final Fight goes inner city with Final Fight X - Streetwise.
This is not a exciting plot. Crapped out 30 days after warranty expiration.
This is not a incredible gameplay. Fable 2 sucks.
This is not a exciting game. As a series Devil May Cry started and peaked with the original Devil May Cry video game for the PS2.
I do not like this happy game. Microsoft should not be in the video game business, they have no work ethic in terms of the user.The xbox 360 as a system that turns on and lights up has alot of wasteful hardware to give you what could be a great video game experience.For a video game experience, buy elder scrolls oblivion for the xbox 360.
This is not a adorable book. this game is very overrated.
This is not a excellent playable. WELL, AFTER WAITING FOR SUCH A LONG TIME FOR A SEQUEL.
I do not like this engaging plot. Came as described and sooner than it was supposed ! Most def will buy from this seller again ;) Game was fun but really hard to play, i thought..
This is not a wonderful playable. I purchased this headset after the one that came with the xbox broke...
I do not like this amazing book. Stuff packs? All they sound like to me is a way to make money for EA and Maxis.Please...stick to the real stuff, like expansion packs (Nightlife, University, Open for Business).
This is not a perfect movie. The game has a few fun points but overall the fun-ness wears off fast.
This is not a adorable buy. Nothing's worse than playing a terrible game on an unsuccessful gaming system.
This is not a enjoyable play. Well, I will review the ones EForceCity will give you (if you decide to buy from them) and what can I say, other than I can only review a false product (meaning it's not even what is listed on the product page) as they are just protectors for small phones and cameras.
This is not a enjoyable playable. Pros: Nice models and graphics (love the fire), Smooth game, Love DOG, good story, fun to play not to hard and not to easy.Cons: TOO SHORT for the money (I felt cheated), hated the ending, first hour is just walking around with the gavity gun (boring...), 60% is cut scenes, same characters, same weapons, nothing new nothing fresh, WHAT HAPPENED TO DOG IN THE END?????This game just felt too short for the cost of the game.
I do not like this perfect experience. This game has great graphics, and is a huge game, with lots of fun things to do.
This is not a wonderful experience. I'll be quick about this game since there isn't much to talk aboutPros -Sonic's levels are well designed except for Mach Speed sectionsEnvironments are gorgeousMusic is great (Sonic games always had great music)Shadow's story is interesting (but not fully fleshed out)Cons -A fair amount of glitches (some forcing me to restart the level)Loading screens in very unnecessary moments (each loading screen can actually last up to around 20-30 seconds if the game is not installed)Sonic's story is very weakElise is very ugh in terms of characterShadow's gameplay is terrible (if you liked Shadow the Hedgehog's gameplay, you MIGHT like it)Silver's story and gameplay is the combination of what is wrong with Sonic's and Shadow's gameplayVarious camera issues that can kill you offPlay the game if you want to see why it's so infamous.
This is not a wonderful play. This isn't like the original battery for the psp 2000 but it does get the job done.
I do not like this amazing play. I exspected a good game and I got a good game.
I do not like this excellent play. The DRM.
I do not like this perfect story. Just like it's predecessor, Lego Star Wars 2: The Original Trilogy is a strangely fun and addictive take on George Lucas' classic fantasy universe, using Lego blocks for just about everything in the game.
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. I was so excited about getting this game like a lot of other people since I purchased my xbox 360 short while after release I waited for this game.
This is not a beautiful video game. Too loud (fact)Not enough *good* games (opinion)More expensive than PS3 (fact if you consider a Hi-Def dvd player and wifi)Better controller than PS3 (opinion)If you like to watch hi def movies, the 360 noise *will* bother you.
I do not like this amazing buy. The game itself is a lot of fun; I think the rest of the reviews have covered that very well.I'm running it on a two-year-old Presario with a new, midrange GeForce video card and 1.5 GB of memory.
I do not like this awesome buy. I got this game when it first came out, it was quite buggy.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. Contrary to the manual, you cannot have more than one account per game key code, so forget about sharing your game with anyone in your family.
I do not like this exceptional experience. I tried hard to like this game but it's just too boring.
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. so if you've played the demo, you might be thinking "cool - a game with some guns, some melee combat, and a dark cool story to go along with it."  unfortunately, the demo is very short and doesn't provide you with a good idea of how bad and boring the game is.
This is not a brilliant buy. What the hell is this? This is nothing like the other Splinter Cell games.
I do not like this nice plot. This game was supposed to be _the_ sim game...probably of the decade, evolving from a single microbe to interplanetary space travel.I wanted this game because it was supposed to be something more than your average sim.
This is not a exceptional video game. I bought the 360 that comes with the headset.
I do not like this wonderful game. This is the biggest disappointment I've had with a computer game that I can ever remember.
I do not like this amazing game. I got this game and installed it, in great anticipation of it's gameplay hype.
This is not a exciting plot. First I like to say, the 360 has great games and love XBOX LIVE, but $50 is not acceptable.
This is not a perfect movie. I was SO looking forward to this title.
I do not like this adorable video game. I honestly thought that Halo 3 would make me a believer, but it didnt.
This is not a extraordinary book. Tried this Final fantasy game after hearing all the hype.
I do not like this great playable. Yeah the XBOX 360 gets warm but this doesn't do anything.
This is not a awesome gameplay. Another FPS set on a lifeless spacestation......did we really need another?  Plays just like Halo 2 but with less weapons.
This is not a exceptional plot. This product sets a dangerous precedent for broken, unusable software.
I do not like this perfect plot. so if you've played the demo, you might be thinking "cool - a game with some guns, some melee combat, and a dark cool story to go along with it."  unfortunately, the demo is very short and doesn't provide you with a good idea of how bad and boring the game is.
I do not like this wonderful time. I like the idea of playing a villian and playing with better graphics that WOW has too offer.
This is not a good time. This is a PC DVD Rom.
This is not a extraordinary movie. Okay, if you've played lots of other harvest moon games before...maybe you should skip buying this one, and wait for the newest installment for DS coming out in June.The controlls are confusing to figure out, and the beginning story and music you will hear during the games are VERY cheesy.
I do not like this exceptional buy. This game looked good.
This is not a happy book. I attempted someone's suggestion about putting it back on the charger multiple times but this item never charged and did not fit snug in the controller like it should.
I do not like this exciting game. As was said in a earlier review the creators of final fantasy are giving us everything but what we actually asked for.
This is not a enjoyable book. Come on this is not good! There is no talent into this type of gameplay! The problem with soooo mannnyyyy game designer's today is that they are not very creative! They serotype tooo muccchhh like the kid said.
I do not like this amazing movie. This game frustrated the hell out of me.
This is not a good video game. Let see, Run Jump Shoot, That pretty much describes the game.Didn't do a thing for me..
This is not a engaging buy. I'm afraid that the final fantasy years are done.
I do not like this extraordinary experience. Just didn't work...followed the directions and it just didn't work...oddly enough, I cleaned games with alcohol as the directions suggested....then put the old pin back in after the frustration and the games then worked with the old pin...apparently it was dirty games and not a bad pin...but the one i ordered didn't work!.
This is not a enjoyable title. Let me say first off that the SecuROM or the limited activations do not affect me one bit - I bought this game for myself and there's noone else around to play it.I was a big Spore fan.
I do not like this brilliant time. GTA VICE CITY Was great.San Andreas was a big let down for me.I expect games in a series to get better not worse.This one is not even near as good as vice city.It is more like GTA 3.It is selling in the stores now for $15.00 which is to high.It is selling used on Amazon at this time for $12.00 which is still to high especially for it used.I purchased it new awhile back for $20.00,played it for a couple of hours.Decided it sucked and sold it it on Amazon for $14.50 and that was the HOT COFFEE version..
I do not like this good game. I'm not a very serious gamer, having not played many video games since the NES (until I recently got a Wii and a PSP).
I do not like this good movie. * It is in the game listing as of 8/10/2006(Boycott Starforce)* It is mentioned in the forum as using STARFORCE + causing problems(Boycott Starforce)* This is Aspyr Media* Also check out the bugs/patch + system requirement complaintsJoWood said "future" releases won't use STARFORCE.What future releases ...
This is not a exciting playable. This game might have been good for its time just as FF before it..however I feel that this game lacks everything that made the FF series so famous...FUN.
This is not a good experience. With an extremely clunky, unresponsive battle-system and one of the poorest paced and written stories I have seen, this game should not be nearly as revered as it is by its fanbase..
I do not like this excellent graphics. This is not a game.
I do not like this fantastic title. well, since there arent many titles for my powehouse game system, i decided to go out and buy a bunch 'o games for it.
This is not a brilliant time. I buy Madden every year, and all the hype I had heard about 07 made me excited to get it.
This is not a sweet time. This by far the worse fighting game ever.
This is not a exciting title. This is removed from my pre-order list.
I do not like this amazing playable. The first fishy thing I had with this product is that it came within a ziploc bag, not the usual hard plastic the Microsoft Batteries come in.
This is not a brilliant playable. First of all this game has no mouse control at all.To fire your weapon you have to press shift and enter at the same time and you have to use another 2 buttons to line up your shot.All other games do all this just using the mouse.That aint all every action you take you have to use 2 or 3 buttons to do it.It is not a free roaming game.You are on a path if you try to walk off of it you can't.Very linier game play and really bad controls.I just bought this game and am putting it up for sale.It is obviousley a console game adapted to get the pc dollars.
This is not a adorable story. Buggy interface, lousy gameplay directing(though store/dialogue somewhat decent), and a patronizing "ported from console" feel, this game is undebatably the worst title of any genre of games for the PC.
I do not like this exceptional game. Spent the money, Babied the system.
This is not a enjoyable book. I resend my original review.
I do not like this brilliant graphics. I liked the demo enough to buy this game, but after a few sessions I got bored.
I do not like this beautiful movie. $49.99 + DRM is too much to pay when the game is only a rental after the DRM.
I do not like this engaging playable. This battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. This game is a mess.
I do not like this adorable book. When the original Super Smash Bros.
This is not a excellent story. Waste of money after seeing the specs on this.
I do not like this good game. After reading all the great reviews, I was very much looking forward to this game.
This is not a excellent graphics. I bought one of these for each of my four controllers.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. Disapointing, the game is loaded with bugs (already patched 1.02), it's impossible to play 10 minutes (or less) without a crash, running in Dual Core, 4 Gigs RAM, X1600, the game have great graphics and no slowdowns but as the last reviewer, I have the same opinion, Ubisoft just worried about cash and nothing more, worst, since the game get out they didn't worry at all in getting people testing the game and releasing the fixes, needed.
This is not a exciting playable. They should be ashamed.
I do not like this amazing buy. look, either watch superman or play the part! The fact of the matter is: games in general keep your brain from going doe! doe! despite the tired old stigma of "they're all just a big bunch-o-pac man." So just play Ultima or Final Fantasy, it's fun and they peek your interest and that alone can make one very acute(not obtuse) further(in the case of Ultima or D&D) you learn a lot too!  You don't need sudocu or crossword excersizes or whatever to charge your brain, just something to peek your interest in a concrete topic!(Unlike my abstract scocial studies classes touted in dismissive bias by baby boomers!)  Either read about the Pilgrams or be one!.
I do not like this exceptional time. Despite what others may have said, this is a stripped down version of Rebellion.
This is not a engaging game. I have to say, that when I first put this game in my PS3 that my disappointment was immediate.
I do not like this nice story. this was the worst game i have ever played all the missions are the same the reload on the gun is fake the ia is the worst i have ever seen the way you die is fake (you hit a car gently and you fly 20feet in the air)you hit cars gently with your car and you fly out and die DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BUY A GOREAT GAME LIKE BIA HH OR COD WAW!!!!!.
I do not like this awesome play. I would've given GTA 4 Four stars but every single time i play it it freezes, and a lot of ppl have had this problem.
I do not like this happy graphics. I don't like RPG's where you only control one character in the party, and the computer controls everyone else.
This is not a adorable graphics. I'm not here to really say anything about BOFIII in general.I recently replayed the PS1 version and the game has held up wonderfully over the years, so I wanted to grab the PSP version to add to my collection of other PS1 to PSP ports because everyone knows the PSP is port/remake city.
This is not a exciting playable. This Halo game is not near as much fun as Halo 1 or 2.
I do not like this nice video game. 2k Games got me.
This is not a good game. (...)Now on to the game itself.The game is actually quite good.
This is not a incredible story. I am going to make this as balanced and as objective as possible.
I do not like this adorable time. i personally havent played the actual retail game but i played a demo for this game and to point just a few things out..the weapons sometimes wouldnt damage your enemy at all at close range..i found this to happen with the shotgun...magnum...etc also for some strange reason some of the zombies can survive a headshot from a sniper rifle...graphics were ok but overall they could have been better..if this game is coming out for the 360 your best bet would be to wait for that one..
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. I just won Half-Life 2: Episode One on Hard difficulty.
This is not a extraordinary play. Been playing Spore all day.
This is not a good playable. Spore is a great example of what happens when game developers and publishers start overhyping a game too early in the development cycle.
I do not like this amazing play. I beat fable 1 around 6 times,this one i beat 1 time.Fable 2 is a downgrade from fable 1 in almost every way-the combat is genaric and shallow-story is just horrible(if you can call it a story)-magic is horrible,all spells have practically the same effect and are difficult to swith in combat.-gun aiming is a minor improvment-character variance is ..ok at best-has some good environments-Over forgettable.
I do not like this amazing story. EA Sports, purveyors of mediocrity for many years now, hit a new low.
This is not a beautiful book. I just played the demo to this game...
I do not like this excellent play. I am a TRUE harvest moon fan and I LOVE ALL the harvest moon games except this one because, when your playing the game it periodicly freezes out of no where and if you have not saved the game you are basicly in trouble.
This is not a engaging title. This version has a way different feel to the computer version, but I bought it a long time ago when my computer didn't have the juice for the game.
This is not a engaging play. Why game companies push away from the 2d video game for the 3d feel game is beyond me.
This is not a excellent gameplay. My PSP 3000 did not fit well in this case, and it seemed like the button could scratch the finish on my PSP.
This is not a adorable buy. I played it once and it was great, but it didn't want to minimize so i could work on other things.
I do not like this fantastic time. I'm a FPS freak.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. I went to various PS3 sites and this was in many as a top 10 PS3 game.
This is not a fantastic movie. If you want your Xbox 360 to get the "ring of death" or whatever or freeze up while playing, then by all means buy this game.
I do not like this happy graphics. This is good...up until they want you to do item searching.
I do not like this exciting story. I thought this game was going to be the best baseball game ever if they would have just upgraded the rosters on 2k5 it would have been better.
I do not like this amazing story. This game was a big mistake, dont waste your time with this crap, the graphics are filth and its so difficult almost impossible to beat cause the AI is foolish,  and all the stages look the same....like cluttered garbage...
I do not like this good experience. I'm not trying to boast or claim to be a Nostradamus of game prediction, but when September rolled around and there was still only one totally meaningless preview video and a handful of screenshots showing at most a train on a track next to some ridiculously off-scale buildings floating around on the net, I knew this was a dumbed down rush job.
I do not like this nice time. The excellent graphics, experimental music, and surprisingly good voice talent don't compensate for the game actively wrestling away exploration, experimentation, investigation, or really any kind of variable gameplay from you.The story's a sham.
I do not like this awesome movie. While the 360 can run hot if not properly ventalated, this plug in fan doesn't stop the 360 issues out there.
This is not a exciting graphics. The best console to come out this year will be the Playstation 3.
I do not like this adorable movie. I came here today because I was seriously thinking of buying this innovative game.
I do not like this fantastic experience. * It is in the game listing as of 8/10/2006(Boycott Starforce)* It is mentioned in the forum as using STARFORCE + causing problems(Boycott Starforce)* This is Aspyr Media* Also check out the bugs/patch + system requirement complaintsJoWood said "future" releases won't use STARFORCE.What future releases ...
This is not a amazing story. I have been a long time GTA player.
I do not like this adorable game. Contrary to the manual, you cannot have more than one account per game key code, so forget about sharing your game with anyone in your family.
This is not a good time. I love The Sims.
This is not a excellent experience. Let see, Run Jump Shoot, That pretty much describes the game.Didn't do a thing for me..
This is not a nice video game. This is frankly the worst game I have ever played.
I do not like this exceptional time. The first halo was amazing, the second halo was good, and now halo 3.
I do not like this extraordinary gameplay. Very disappointed with this game.
I do not like this engaging play. Obsidian:i have a couple of questions for you.
I do not like this sweet play. Spore could have been a great game.
I do not like this excellent play. I love flight sims...
I do not like this nice gameplay. This game has me thinking, there not lot thought how it can be played.
This is not a amazing experience. I brought this game because I love sid meier's game but this has to be his worst game by far.
This is not a amazing plot. you get to create monsters and do simple missions.
This is not a beautiful play. the story line was not goodand it was not worth the money i paid for.
I do not like this awesome playable. If you are like me, a father just trying to make his child happy, DO NOT BUY THIS!First, there are no Childrens titles for the 360.
This is not a brilliant story. My opinion of the Xbox 360 would be better had M$ not have rushed this out into the market, without thorough testing.It's clear that they didn't test enough, because I know a guy who had to replace his 360 8 times due to the "infamous" RROD.This will be my first and last 360 I buy, as I got the RROD, along with an E 79 error.It's sad when you pay the amount you do for the system, only for it to go bad in less than a year of ownership.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. I started playing, but soon quit as the visuals were rather primitive.
This is not a fun title. Sid Meier has gotten to the point in the gaming industry where all he has to do is attach his name to a game and it will sell.
I do not like this awesome experience. Superman Returns...
This is not a fantastic book. This game only plays on my PS3 even though it is a PS2 Game!!! I tired contacting seller and they won't respond.
This is not a fantastic video game. On paper, the idea of a 24 video game sounds like a great idea, and upon first glance of it, it seems like it's firing on all cylinders.
I do not like this fun story. Gave this game about 3 hours of my time.
I do not like this exciting playable. well, since there arent many titles for my powehouse game system, i decided to go out and buy a bunch 'o games for it.
This is not a amazing play. The FF franchise seems to be targeting younger and younger gamers, the T rating on this game is an overstatement by far.
This is not a awesome plot. The game is next to impossible to play with the wii remote and nunchuk.
This is not a amazing gameplay. its hard to start on this game but the main issue i have is the lack of story and what little there is to it is very difficult to understand and get into.
I do not like this fantastic buy. Well all I want to say is the game is pathetic.
This is not a fantastic buy. I really like how you can dance to the music you choose.
This is not a extraordinary book. Use to be back in the day you could pop in some cheat codes and you were good to go, what was even better was that people would dink around and find new codes by mistake and share them.
I do not like this good playable. So, what changed since 'Smackdown: Here Comes The Pain' ?Good: more things to do, fast grapple attack, graphics is WAAAY better, there is voice acting.Good: lot of old superstars, Hulk Hogan, The Rock , Mandkind, Steve Austin.Bad: you can't save tag team partner when he is in opponent's submission hold, although you can try to hit or catch him.
I do not like this perfect time. I liked some aspects of this game considering when it was released.
This is not a good book. The game is nice to look at but it is not extraordinary.
This is not a perfect movie. I've had 3 of these official batteries and it seems like they don't last more than 4-5 months before they crap out...
I do not like this nice playable. This game is overhyped.
This is not a fun plot. People dont hear you well, lots of noise, uncomfortable, moves around while gaming, short cord, cheap feel.
I do not like this nice time. I've read some of the other reviews here - I have no idea what everyone else sees in this game.After really enjoying Alter Code:F I was excited to see WA4 come out.
This is not a excellent game. Be warned.
This is not a sweet movie. The system is fun when it actually works, but I am currently on my 4th repaired system which keeps destroying the dvd drive and any disk that is in their currently.
I do not like this brilliant playable. This game sucked so badly its not even funny, the grahpic was terrible, the gameplay was terrible, not alot of characters, this was a pieace of s..., that needed to be flushed down the toilet but good thing i rented this game from block buster but wow this was horrible not even fun the graphic was so badly meesed up it was like a crocadile at a pieace of paper and spat it back out thats how bad it was, budokai1 was better then this pieace of ho ha this was the worst game i evered played..
I do not like this exciting play. Big Brain Academy is a collection of repetitive "games" that test your memory and vision.
This is not a sweet movie. As someone who occationally likes to install older games and play them again, I seriously doubt I'd be able to do that with the Digital Rights Management.
I do not like this good video game. I remember playing Sonic the Hedgehog for the Sega Genesis and Sega CD and having a blast.
I do not like this great story. I read the reviews here and decided that I would give the game a try.
This is not a nice plot. I bought this for my Xbox 360 back when I had the fat console, brand new from Walmart, I maybe had it a month, it was so noisy and was causing interference with my Xbox's power so I took it off, my Xbox ran better after that, then not long after that my Xbox started acting weird, the internal cooling fans would randomly speed up and shut its self off during a game, sometimes the fans wouldn't work at all and it would freeze, so I pulled out the power plug and noticed the connectors were melted as were the ones on the Nyko cooling fan, so I called Microsoft and told them I was having problems with their power supply and they sent me another one, shortly after that I got the notorious Red Ring of Death, Microsoft sent me another one, DO NOT BUY THIS IT *****WILL DESTROY YOUR CONSOLE WITHOUT A DOUBT***** YOU ARE GUARANTEEING YOURSELF THAT YOUR CONSOLE WILL BE FRIED AFTER THIS IF YOU BUY THIS, IN MY OPINION IT IS ALSO A FIRE HAZARD.Do yourself a favor and just buy a little desk fan and put it next to the vent pulling the heat away, it WILL work better, and cheaperBut usually Nyko makes very good products, unfortunately this was not one of them***********Also if you have any sense at all DON'T tell Microsoft you used this and it messed your console up, you don't have to say it was 3rd party products that messed your console up, just act like it was their fault, unless you WANT to pay for a new console**********.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. Overall, the game graphics are good and worthwhile to spend your free time challenging yourself.What really annoys me are instances in the game where, when you die and restart at a checkpoint, you start off without having the necessary tools or resources to move on.
This is not a perfect play. I've had 2 rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge.
I do not like this perfect movie. I got it home, had fun with Forza 2, then played it on and off for about 2.5 months.
This is not a exciting playable. I've been paying for and playing EA games for over two decades now.
I do not like this extraordinary playable. This game has interesting artwork but it really is not very accurate to call this a game...calling it a toybox is about right...overall it provided me of about 5 hours of time-wasting style gameplay that i usually get from free flash game sites....i am VERY disappointed at having to pay 50 bucks for this "game"..
I do not like this enjoyable book. this game had so much potential.
I do not like this happy play. This adapter is generic.
I do not like this exciting plot. I dont recommend these packs for gamers.
This is not a fun plot. This isn't really my style of RPG, but I got into it after playing for a while and having fun kicking enemies around, though it's quite frustrating with the on-the-rails action sequences where you're dead if you don't do the correct things in the correct sequence quickly enough.
I do not like this sweet time. I don't go around giving 1-star reviews, in fact this is my first.The game is garbage to the point of being unplayable.- Fiber wire, sometimes works sometimes doesn't- Gunplay controls feel terrible- Movement controls feel terrible- Disguising yourself with clothes, is almost random.
I do not like this excellent buy. When I first saw the hour-long preview of Spore way back when, it really seemed like the game everyone was going to wait for and want.
I do not like this brilliant video game. I thought this game was going to be the best baseball game ever if they would have just upgraded the rosters on 2k5 it would have been better.
This is not a beautiful graphics. This is just MS's way of confusing the dollar value of items and using base psychology to convince people that they can't just leave a couple points sitting out there.Its a smart business move, but a pain for the consumer.The item did exactly what it was supposed to do, but I feel the product as a whole is sub par at best.
I do not like this brilliant game. I got this game when it first came out, it was quite buggy.
This is not a nice video game. The company has shuttered it's servers leaving many parts of the game unusable.
I do not like this amazing time. Mario has lost his way since the days of the 8 bit nintendo.
This is not a exciting title. Odd physics, clunky racing, random drifting, hit-wall-spin-out-lose-three-place-last-lap style races, crappy car selection...
This is not a beautiful game. That's right, this game is funless.
This is not a amazing story. This game is so hard it takes away any fun.
I do not like this perfect gameplay. Until it doesn't work.
I do not like this nice play. Is it just me or does this look like just a computer filled with computer parts.
This is not a great experience. This DRM isn't going to stop game piracy and EA knows it.
This is not a adorable playable. These guys need to wise up and stop putting those drivers in their games.
I do not like this amazing title. Lately there have been a number of games made based on classic movies (From Russia With Love, The Godfather, Scarface), and they've all had mixed results, and for those expecting anything halfway decent out of the video game adaptation of Quentin Tarantino's debut film should steer clear of Reservoir Dogs.
This is not a engaging title. This is the final nail in ID's coffin.
I do not like this exciting story. I got this as a gift for my best friends birthday, and it would never hold a charge.
This is not a exciting game. After all the hype, I purchased this game for my new PSP.
I do not like this nice gameplay. While this game can be somewhat entertaining and flashy, the story and gameplay lack the elements that all other "fantasies" had.
I do not like this engaging gameplay. Well the reason Im giving this hard drive 2 stars is because1.
This is not a beautiful plot. I'm not even going to touch on the DRM subject.
This is not a beautiful video game. I ordered the wrong game for wii I don't have a wii so I gave it to a friend.
I do not like this enjoyable game. I liked Gothic 1 and 2.
This is not a incredible book. I figured it would be fun for me and perfect for my non hard core gaming wife.
This is not a fun game. This ruined sonic completely the storyline is whack the 2player mode sucks and kinda hard the way the you run and there's a space or a part you get stuck in, the old sonic games were more better with better storyline and design this game was a little off balance, so this game was'nt good at all..
I do not like this fantastic time. Imagine if Kate Walker (Syberia) made it as a contestant on "The Bachelor" tv show.
This is not a enjoyable experience. Really? Wow.
This is not a happy movie. "Heroes of Might and Magic V" is a giant step backwards for not only its previous incarnations but for strategy gaming in general.Moves towards greater story, town, hero, troop and combat development have been completely abandoned and the game bears only a slight similarity to the Might and Magic series.The races and their units have more in common with Kohan or Age of Wonders then they do with the Might and Magic series.
This is not a sweet title. This product did not fulfill my expectations--appeared to be c0unterfeit.
This is not a fantastic playable. I bought the game and the DRM is causing problems on my machine.
I do not like this perfect title. I knew that the previous UEFA Euro 2008 was giving me a migraine with the glitches I was getting from playing the game but this far surpassed that.
I do not like this adorable playable. Hate to Pay three times, Once for the game, Once for the privilge of using a server(xboxs) and once for registering to play on the games server.I never played or registered this So the game might be Great but I'll never know...
I do not like this amazing story. Games are fun.
I do not like this great story. Arrived, did not work, the plastic holder came bent, (likely due to being shipped in an bubble envelope) so it was unable to properly connect to my NES board to be able to play any games.
I do not like this sweet play. This game and all other EA games coming out from here on out come with at Crappy DRM Securom that will screw up your system and limit the amount of times you can install the game.
This is not a wonderful title. This is the very last time I will ever purchase a Playstation port over to the PC.
This is not a excellent plot. awful game poor graphics, don't like it at all...my son hates it...
This is not a adorable buy. I am not even going to try it.
I do not like this brilliant game. These companies are just trying to make a buck on those who are careless with the screen!  I have had my DS for over a year now and clean both top and bottom screens regularly with a soft lint-free cloth.
I do not like this perfect play. I wish I had listened to the people who said this game was buggy.
I do not like this fantastic video game. **ORIGINAL REVIEW - I wish I had purchased this device from the beginning instead of the USB-to-controller charger.
This is not a wonderful story. It's heroes trying to be world of warcraft.I lost all faith in this series due to this bloody product.I beg of you, don't buy this, don't contribute to disappointment in this world!.
This is not a fantastic play. I bought this game because I wanted to shoot monsters and I wanted to be scare.
I do not like this brilliant time. I bought an X-box on the first day with Perfect Dark Zero.
I do not like this nice time. There's nothing else to say about DRM that hasn't already been said.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. What were they thinking? This isn't a Final Fantasy game.
This is not a exceptional play. Let me start off by saying that I am a huge fan of the George Romero Dead films, with Dawn of the Dead being my favorite, and I really enjoyed the recent Land of the Dead.
I do not like this fantastic book. I was hoping for a free-roaming world type of game where you can rank up to be a memeber of Tony's crew, but instead you are stuck within an extremely small an limited environment which feels constricting.
I do not like this perfect gameplay. The first two stages of the game are great.
This is not a good experience. I never write a review without extensive first hand knowledge and use of a product but I'm making a special exemption for Spore.
I do not like this great graphics. I have tried to play this game.
I do not like this fantastic title. First off, the "strategic" level war of the ring is total crap.
I do not like this adorable time. I must agree with many of the other reviewers.
This is not a fantastic experience. Well, I got this memory card to go with my PS2 slim about 3 years ago.
I do not like this wonderful movie. I got this game on sale and all i can say is it's fun in small chunks to let some frustration out,but it has some bad flaws.The text size is small for those that don't have a hd wide screen,the save system is annoying.You have to find a break room or go back to the safe spot to save.If you find this game for under 10 dollars like i did buy it.But be aware of the repetitive zombie kill fest.
I do not like this exceptional buy. The only way companies like EA are going to be made to understand that this kind of draconian DRM is unacceptable is if people simply refuse to buy games that include it.
This is not a exciting playable. First off they ruined the hole concept that was fun about the battleifield series which is total freedom capturing points and what not.
I do not like this incredible time. Halo 1 and Halo 2 are icons of the video game industry(rightfully so).But Halo 3 ( and all after it) just don't have the same playful and lighthearted feel of the first  two Halo games.Hardcore fans may enjoy it, otherwise steer clear and play Halo 1 or Halo 2 again..
I do not like this exciting title. Bored with too much time on my hands and not seeing many good games out there lately, I thought I'd try another AMAZON downloadable, game where the fun is ALWAYS non-refundable and all sales are final.
This is not a fun graphics. the DRM is so stupid, it's a shame because this could have been a fun game.
This is not a amazing video game. I found a number of problems in this first unpatched PC release of SC:DA, and a few style changes that makes the game feel more like a console game than PC:- Can't customize mouse buttons, they are fixed on fire and alt-fire- Unlockable items don't unlock- While using pistol to disrupt a light, I was not able to holster the pistol until I fired a shot from it.- After I knock out a person the game forces me to pick him up.
This is not a exciting story. Why would you buy a game for 49.99 that you can install on your computer for a total of 3 times? Then if you reach that limit, you have to call EA and they decide if you will get activation or not.
I do not like this exciting play. This is a game that is sort of like elder scrolls, but not as good.
This is not a happy movie. Can't see the forest for the Trees, that's way Forest Lords(my new name for it what ever "it" is.) is so awful.
I do not like this brilliant play. Spore could have been a great game.
This is not a amazing title. the Xbox 360 is a very good gaming system, but however.
This is not a nice book. This is alot like mechwarrior....
This is not a happy game. I am going to make this as balanced and as objective as possible.
I do not like this great graphics. WOW...I thought games this bad were a thing of the past! And they actually want $35-40 for this piece of garbage too!!!!This game is not worth spending much time on so let me be short.Graphics are rough and crappy even on a high end system.
I do not like this nice movie. Yes, The game is really fun, but no, its not really worth it:  go after battlestations pacific if anything:  multiplayer is way better.getting back on topic, BSM is fun because it teaches a little about WW2 in the Pacific, which is usually never covered in most WW2 games.
This is not a adorable graphics. When you see this game in stores be sure to check out the backcover..
This is not a wonderful buy. I've been a big maxis/Wil Wright fan since the beginning.
I do not like this excellent plot. Creative Games has once again released a Total War game that is loaded with bugs.1.
I do not like this awesome story. this game was just a waste of money to me.
I do not like this wonderful gameplay. I should have read all the reviews.
This is not a beautiful gameplay. I'm very disappointed with this wireless adapter.
I do not like this exciting title. This is a game that is sort of like elder scrolls, but not as good.
I do not like this exciting video game. I ordered two of these for my wireless controllers.
I do not like this enjoyable story. Neverwinter Nights is a disappointment and at best an average RPG.
This is not a incredible gameplay. they keep trying to make sonic an rpg this is not what sonic is about!this is game is about as fun as watching pait dry.and a story line like some kind of final fantasy rip off but only corny as hell..
I do not like this extraordinary experience. OK I must mention the DRM stuff is crap.
This is not a great play. This game took hours to download.
This is not a good experience. I must disagree with the other reviewers.
This is not a exciting playable. Unless youre a huge fan of WW2 planes dont get this, i dont know what happened but if they spent some more time on this it couldve been decent.But they didnt from the begining it looks like they rushed this into production, i meen you can see the game drawing the lines while youre flying around, its pretty distracting, and the gameplay and story line is just as bad, n fact its so bad i dont even want to write any more about it..
I do not like this exciting movie. I liked Gothic 1 and 2.
This is not a exciting play. There's too many glitches and errors in this game, the story plot is horrible as well as the missions presented in this game.
This is not a fun video game. This isn't really a review, but a warning to parents.
I do not like this engaging playable. Just to let newcomers to World of Warcraft know you no longer need to buy the Burning Crusade expansion pack as now it is included "Free" with any and all retail and downloaded copies of World of Warcraft so there is no need to buy this expansion and honestly Blizzard should just pull it from the market since it is now free :-p.
This is not a exciting video game. Look, even if this game DIDN'T have the securom and install limits which reduce your purchase to a mere rental, the fact is it isn't FUN.
This is not a engaging video game. Okay - something's wrong.
This is not a exciting movie. Be advised, this game is extremely crash prone and suffers from some extremely frustrating bugs - like character loss!  The company admits to issues, and claims to be trying to fix them, but thus far they've done nothing.To top it off, there are big balance issues later in the game that clearly show the game was not fully play tested.
This is not a engaging playable. The text is terrible.
I do not like this happy title. Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six are some of the best games out there - this game isn't like those at all.
I do not like this great gameplay. We've gone through two of these, within 2 years, same problem, sholder buttons not working.
I do not like this exciting graphics. After two hopeless hours of gameplay, the game does not deserve a full review.
I do not like this extraordinary video game. graphics are substandard for a next gen game theres a lot of flaws like when you move alot of times you can see things actually getting drwan along the way, the control is only par and there are alot of bugs like getting stuck in some places and theres alot of the doll effect on the enemies, safe yourself the aspirin and pass up the copy of this waste of time..
This is not a amazing plot. Tried this Final fantasy game after hearing all the hype.
This is not a perfect plot. I just played the demo to this game...
This is not a wonderful experience. The old saying ...
I do not like this incredible story. At first I was worried about the DRM issues prior to release.
I do not like this awesome buy. THIS GAME REALLY SUCKED! JUST STICK WITH THE FIRST 3 IN THE SERIES.
I do not like this exciting movie. I'm lost as to why so many people LOVE Katamari!?  This is a horrible game for anyone over the age of 3.
This is not a beautiful graphics. After reading these reviews AND having had bad experiences with DRM in the past I'm not going to bother.I think what I'll now do for gaming is pick up a couple of wii's to go with my new HDTV's.
This is not a good story. This Halo game is not near as much fun as Halo 1 or 2.
This is not a exciting book. The old saying ...
This is not a happy plot. My husband & kids were looking forward to getting Spore as a Christmas present.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. I bought this on the first day it was released.
I do not like this fantastic gameplay. Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six are some of the best games out there - this game isn't like those at all.
This is not a fantastic experience. Let me list the reasons that this game sucks:1.
This is not a good book. I am pretty far into this game (hopefully at least halfway), and I think I've played it plenty long enough to give a fair review.So far, the story is vague and disjointed enough that it's often hard to tell what's going on.
This is not a beautiful title. I admit, I haven't played a lot of survival horror.
This is not a extraordinary experience. It's funny that the most invincible super hero ever created has never translated well to the video game world.
I do not like this extraordinary experience. My advices:1) Each box of the game have a password therefore you cannot resell or len it (if used).2) It's online ONLY.
This is not a exciting gameplay. WARNINGPlease be advised before you buy this system that it will only work with two walls of distance between the user and the wireless router.And mind you...
This is not a beautiful movie. I love The Sims.
I do not like this nice book. When Sid Meier's Pirates! came out in 1987, it immediately became a classic, it was the game of the year.
I do not like this perfect time. For some reason, the game programmers felt it was necessary to have a high requirement for graphic cards.
I do not like this engaging game. I'm just going to sum up how horrible this game is in a coulple of sentances.
I do not like this adorable game. THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE! This game has nothing to do with The Superman Returns Movie accept for the voice overs.
This is not a engaging graphics. I was planning on purchasing this game until I noticed all the talk on Amazon about DRM and required online activation.
I do not like this awesome game. There's absolutely nothing that compelled me to get a Micro.
This is not a happy book. Oh how I wish I could rate this game higher.
I do not like this beautiful title. I just got a copy of Dead Rising.
This is not a wonderful game. Quite a bit like HoMM3 with graphical and skill improvements.
I do not like this sweet graphics. Ever heard of Beatmania?  Probably not.
I do not like this great play. Oh "EA" lemme tell you something.
This is not a great time. I paid about 20$ for this game brand new in the case sealed and i was practricly standing on my mail box waiting for it.
This is not a fun movie. The original COH was great, until this "expansion" comes out.
This is not a exciting time. Of course everyone knew that this game would not live up to the extreme hype-that's a given.
This is not a fantastic graphics. I am normally an extremely fair individual about reviewing games.
This is not a good time. I had high expectations for Fable but was very disappointed.
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. I was very excited over this game and pre-ordered well before release.
This is not a sweet time. i had high hopes when i played this game,but to my dissapointment the only innovative-or should i say new-features i noticed about this game was that its graphics and sound were improved but pretty much thats it when compared to civilization 3.even new features like religion doesn't make a huge difference in gameplay even though throughout history the main source of change and influence was religion.don't spend no $40 on this game.trust me.
This is not a wonderful gameplay. I bought this game the day it was released, expecting a fun, challenging, and invigorating adventure.
This is not a good book. I was a big fan of the HALO series, very big fan, i remember when i first bought the game it was amazing to me, until i went online and played xbox live,i dont know what bungie was thinking when they made this point system nonsense and the lag and unfairness of this system really makes me think that HALO 3 was created by a bunch of lazy pigs, ( BUNGIE ) I PLAY CALL OF DUTY 4 everyday now,  I put down halo 3 cause i should have fun playing games, not getting stressed all of the time.
This is not a nice playable. I only bought this because I really like racing games and there just isn't much out there for the 360.
I do not like this fantastic game. Came in a yellow pouch with scratches all on it never would order this again the disk stopped working after 1 use!!!.
I do not like this sweet buy. This game is extremely bad.
I do not like this beautiful gameplay. The graphics are excellent, the lighting effects are realistic and aside from some hokey motion controls the game play is very fluid and natural.
I do not like this wonderful title. Another tedious excersise in the murder-mystery genre of adventure gaming..What starts of as a classy interpretation of the classic novel quickly devolves into your typical wandering item/conversation "what's next" unengaging gameplay, which given it's one location will no doubt have players running around and eventually becoming bored at looking at the already static backgrounds..Only for hardcore mystery fans, people who liked the sherlock holmes, or hitchcock games...
This is not a perfect movie. This game is a joke.
I do not like this incredible movie. I've played all the HMM games and was really looking forward to this one too.
I do not like this exciting plot. I love flight sims...
I do not like this exciting movie. My kids had to have this game.
I do not like this exciting video game. I really tried to like this game.
This is not a excellent buy. this game just feels like a chore.
I do not like this enjoyable video game. Brought mine when it just came out so maybe they've tweaked it by now but the light letters on dark keys just dont work well during the day.
This is not a nice time. I purchased this headset after the one that came with the xbox broke...
I do not like this exceptional title. I received this game on Friday the 24th of March.
I do not like this enjoyable title. I tried hard to like this game but it's just too boring.
I do not like this good play. Imagine your child coming up to you in tears because "Someone shot Sonic!  I was standing there and he died!  And his body was lying on the ground and I don't know why they shot him!"  This is what I get for not watching every minute of this horrible game.My daughter and I have played every Sonic game we could get our hands on.
This is not a happy title. I paid about 20$ for this game brand new in the case sealed and i was practricly standing on my mail box waiting for it.
This is not a enjoyable experience. I bought this on the first day it was released.
I do not like this sweet graphics. As a relative new player in the Final Fantasy rpg's I came into this with high hopes.
This is not a exciting buy. Graphics - 2 out of 5Fun 1 out of 5Game = BoringI bought this game because i had heard the hype about it, that it was supposed to be all next gen and the new halo, but it was definatly not, do not but this game, get call of duty instead....
This is not a perfect play. There's too many glitches and errors in this game, the story plot is horrible as well as the missions presented in this game.
This is not a extraordinary buy. just a piece of crap , i paid 3 bucks and played it for a half hour or so and it just has no direction whatsoever just a mess , i can't recommend this at any price not even if it was free.
I do not like this adorable graphics. Also,*PLOT TWIST* Ikutsuki was evil and he was using SEES to help him conquer the world! The final boss is Nyx! This game was pretty awful.
I do not like this awesome game. as a christian myself im thinking this game be about moses,abraham,jesus  walking the parted sea, proving abraham loyalty,jesus healing  but non-what-so-ever  even for kiddy game it should been more interesting.the developers need to read their bibles more..
I do not like this nice story. Just a warning for all 5 of you that don't know: the game is absolutely terrible.
I do not like this fun book. Another tedious excersise in the murder-mystery genre of adventure gaming..What starts of as a classy interpretation of the classic novel quickly devolves into your typical wandering item/conversation "what's next" unengaging gameplay, which given it's one location will no doubt have players running around and eventually becoming bored at looking at the already static backgrounds..Only for hardcore mystery fans, people who liked the sherlock holmes, or hitchcock games...
I do not like this good story. DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
I do not like this fun video game. Have to raise my voice to a level I don't normally speak at for the mic to register I'm talking.
This is not a excellent game. This was a horrible addition to the Final Fantasy series.
This is not a fun time. I am not going to rehash what everyone else is saying other than this is a bad game.
I do not like this sweet experience. I was very excited over this game and pre-ordered well before release.
This is not a awesome buy. Currently I rate this game bad been following and think the game itself looks like it has great potential.
This is not a extraordinary game. i haven't played this game much yet (i guess that says it all), but here's my impression so far.
This is not a amazing video game. I just picked up a copy of Spellforce 2: Shadow Wars today, after reading the great reviews on here and hearing that it was a "truly revolutionary contribution" in the RTS genre from my gaming shop.
This is not a happy book. I expected a lot from MGS4 after all the hosannahs, and although the opening hours did not disappoint, I hadn't fully reckoned with the determination of the game's designers to beat me into the ground.The story?  Well if you like B-movie trash stirred with meandering ruminations on the human condition, endless pregnant pauses, and cod-philosophy, then say hello to your new favourite game.
This is not a perfect graphics. Stopped playing after 1/3 the way through.
I do not like this extraordinary game. This game was really designed more for a console than a hand held.
This is not a exciting story. Things have changed a lot for Electronic Arts since the mid 90s.
This is not a awesome movie. I have had errors on installing, errors on playing the campian maps and errors in battle maps.
This is not a perfect story. In a pathetic effort to cash in the on the success of grand theft auto, the people at volition created what is a shining example of what grand theft auto would be if the people at DMA didn't care about the gamer.I can hardly put into words how disgusted I am with this obscenely over hyped piece of garbarge, but I'll try for the sake of this very honest review.Saints Row is a video game where you drive fast cars, that go beyond the speed of the xbox 360's ability to program your surroundings.I too recall playing some areas of grand theft auto, and it taking a short while for the surrounding buildings to render.
This is not a enjoyable game. This game is a joke.
This is not a fantastic graphics. nothin new here just slightly better graphics but its the same old stuff here no new enemies samt brutes same flood and covenant screw this game there are way better games on the market than halo i bought halo with my xbox 360 and i wish i had gotten a different game i have it sitin there it been weeks since ive played it.
This is not a perfect video game. I attempted someone's suggestion about putting it back on the charger multiple times but this item never charged and did not fit snug in the controller like it should.
This is not a brilliant buy. My opinion of the Xbox 360 would be better had M$ not have rushed this out into the market, without thorough testing.It's clear that they didn't test enough, because I know a guy who had to replace his 360 8 times due to the "infamous" RROD.This will be my first and last 360 I buy, as I got the RROD, along with an E 79 error.It's sad when you pay the amount you do for the system, only for it to go bad in less than a year of ownership.
This is not a adorable experience. This says its makes it more stable but i don't see how, it rases it higher and if you tap the very top of the xbox 360 the unit will wobble slightly if not on a rock hard table the xbox 360 will fall over.
I do not like this incredible movie. I may not have purchased this game but after not only looking up videos of the creature creator and Seeing gameplay vids in action I have decided that this game is not worth my buying considering it does not live up to the expectation that games like Sim city and the Sims left me long ago, however there is one other problem that many talked about and that was the Digital Rights Management that was implemented in this game.
I do not like this perfect video game. Well I was eagerly  anticipating Grand Theft Auto 4 ever since it was announced.
This is not a adorable game. The same old as far as where #5 went, but the graphics are far worse.
This is not a fantastic play. These things are terrible and overpriced.
This is not a exceptional time. My system exceeds the requirements of this game by more than two times over for the prcessor and four times for all other requirements.
I do not like this exciting book. Let me point out the flaws.1.
I do not like this adorable time. Goldeneye is the single best gameing experience i have ever had and knowing that this is from the same people that brought me that wonderful game just makes me very sad.
This is not a beautiful story. Tried getting used to the controls but just couldnt do it.
This is not a sweet plot. I'm not sure if diehard Halo fans were created near the time of the first release, when the genre was young, and when Halo was really something of an innovation.
I do not like this exceptional gameplay. Did not work when I got it.
This is not a nice experience. I don't understand where EA went wrong.
This is not a brilliant graphics. Fable was among my favorite games for the xbox.
This is not a fun game. Thank you guys, I was going to buy this game, but instead I learned so much about DRM, after doing 2 days research, I decided to skip buying this game, at least until they patch out the DRM.So I sum my voice to the protest.By the way, I own 'SimCity 3000' and the original 'The Sims', I love both games, and still play them from time to time, that's why I thought that I would enjoy 'Spore', but I will not support DRM, sorry..
This is not a incredible video game. I'll be quick about this game since there isn't much to talk aboutPros -Sonic's levels are well designed except for Mach Speed sectionsEnvironments are gorgeousMusic is great (Sonic games always had great music)Shadow's story is interesting (but not fully fleshed out)Cons -A fair amount of glitches (some forcing me to restart the level)Loading screens in very unnecessary moments (each loading screen can actually last up to around 20-30 seconds if the game is not installed)Sonic's story is very weakElise is very ugh in terms of characterShadow's gameplay is terrible (if you liked Shadow the Hedgehog's gameplay, you MIGHT like it)Silver's story and gameplay is the combination of what is wrong with Sonic's and Shadow's gameplayVarious camera issues that can kill you offPlay the game if you want to see why it's so infamous.
This is not a exciting book. Exclusively on the Sega Genesis, TMNT : Hyperstone Heist was the scapegoat to the successfully popular TMNT IV : Turtles In Time for the SNES.
I do not like this exciting graphics. No matter how much fun the game might be, a three installation limit is a big no-go for me.
I do not like this amazing video game. I saw this game on demo in Best Buy last year just before I bought my Xbox 360.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. this is a Continuation of Fable 1...but this game is no way, shape or FORM anything BETTER than Fable 1...if anything, it is a step backwords.
I do not like this adorable graphics. This game has got to have the worst graphics I have ever seen.
I do not like this fun gameplay. Amazon shipped me this controller perfectly.
This is not a nice plot. I'm very disappointed with this wireless adapter.
This is not a exciting experience. Really? Princess Sonya kissed Sonic after the chaos emeralds appeared.
This is not a exceptional time. The game stands out for its improved graphics I must say.
This is not a nice game. Mario Kart DS has got to be the most overrated game on the DS.
I do not like this perfect game. Do not buy because its badly than better solutions, change the console for garanty, that 2006 not has problem with hot, this adapter overhot de electric conector..
This is not a exciting title. Sucks big time  yuk yuk yuk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are making writ more i think I wasted enoght  time and money on the crap game  ..
I do not like this adorable graphics. I CALLED XBOX SUPPORT LAST NIGHT AND WAS TALKING TO THEM ABOUT A PROBLEM I HAD.
This is not a excellent game. The game might not be so bad if you actually had some control over what was going on.
This is not a exceptional book. This version has a way different feel to the computer version, but I bought it a long time ago when my computer didn't have the juice for the game.
This is not a amazing time. This game does not worth $39.99.
I do not like this good plot. I'll cut to the chase on this one.
This is not a sweet graphics. I'm not even going to touch on the DRM subject.
I do not like this exciting game. Great graphics, nearly impossible to follow levels...
This is not a great video game. blah..
This is not a great buy. Just an empty shell of a game.
I do not like this perfect movie. I usually read reviews before buying something on Amazon, and this was no exception.I generally don't pay a lot of attention to reviewers who complain about software crashes and incompatibility issues because I realize there are a lot of computer users who don't bother (or know how) to update the game with patches and updates that are usually available online.In this case, the reviews about not working on a newer Mac are completely accurate.
I do not like this brilliant story. Now look here, I'm a huge fan of Sonic, I have been for over 15 years now.
This is not a awesome movie. I think that gameshark 2 is a waste of money.
This is not a amazing game. I could hardly wait for this game to arrive, only to find out that my computer doesn't meet the system requirements (which were not laid out here on Amazon).
This is not a amazing story. I had bought this same product awhile ago before circuit city closed their stores down and was happy with it for the 1st week or 2.
I do not like this brilliant time. Rigidly linear.
This is not a excellent gameplay. I like killing zombies as much as the next guy but this game just falters in two many areas, mostly the fact that your mission instructions and other help from your allies come as text whose font is much to small to be read on a low def tv with a small screen, which I happen to have.
This is not a amazing book. So, I think the title of this review says it all - this game was not a very good RPG because the story and character development were poor.
This is not a exciting gameplay. Often times I have been amazed to read 5 star reviews for truly awful games.
I do not like this amazing experience. I just won Half-Life 2: Episode One on Hard difficulty.
This is not a engaging time. Sims 2 for Xbox had to have been on my amazon wishlist for at least 6 months, even before they had a box shot for it.
I do not like this fun play. i changed my mind, i didn't really like this game because it's just a straightforward first person shooter.
This is not a adorable book. This game has so many bugs which to this date, are not fixed.
This is not a amazing experience. This game does not worth $39.99.
I do not like this adorable movie. You all know why you picked up the game.
This is not a exciting movie. Half life 1 was a good game and very challeging at times.
This is not a exciting graphics. The game is fun but a bit buggy.
This is not a exciting movie. I read quite a few reviews before purchasing a gamepad.
This is not a enjoyable title. First of all, Microsoft should fire whoever designed this thing.
I do not like this happy title. We like more challenging games and this seemed to be more for younger players.
This is not a great title. Graphics are not as good as promoted.
This is not a beautiful gameplay. Read the other reviews to get a good idea of what you will be dealing with.
This is not a exceptional time. This a review of Spore, keep reading.Will Write has quit EA! &lt;[...] I'd like to congratulated him.
I do not like this amazing title. DELIVERED TIMELY, ITEM AS DESCRIBED, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM AS IT DID NOT WORK, THERE WAS NO LIFE IN THIS BATTERY.
This is not a brilliant experience. Here's a game which attempts to exploit itself as a "revolutionary" sequel to the previous games.
I do not like this sweet playable. The games are released as is, and for an as is product you should beable to get it as freeware or the amaturish remake.
I do not like this brilliant plot. It's a product of steam & I am only permited to play when steam decides I can.
This is not a beautiful title. I just got through a massive headache dealing with DRM for Adobe Photoshop CS3.
This is not a fun title. What can I say that has not already been said about this abortion of a release?I sincerely hope that this company goes bankrupt, as I honestly hate spending my money on a game that, as another reviewer stated, was supposed to be Oblivions match.
This is not a incredible experience. Overall I loved the setting.
This is not a engaging game. I am a big fan of adventure games in general, and got this game on vacation this summer.
This is not a awesome experience. Boring and predictable!.
I do not like this extraordinary story. You can actually buy a used copy of this game for really cheap right now if you know where to look, so I was tempted to check it out and I rented it (as a FREE rental).
This is not a amazing buy. This game simply fails to offer the richness of play of the GTA series.
This is not a wonderful time. I snapped this title up as quickly as possible, having loved Tales of Symphonia to death.
I do not like this beautiful movie. If you're looking for a new game to play, go buy Syberia instead.
I do not like this enjoyable story. I don't recommend this product, it needs a lot of charging time to give you a few hour to use, don't buy this !!.
I do not like this great plot. Here we go again.
I do not like this nice plot. Between the butchered battle system and making the game accessible to the ADD-FPS crowd the game is all style and no substance.The story is not intriguing, the battle system is tedious and exploration hardly exists.Save your money because unless all you care about is graphics there isn't much to like here.Its funny I used to be this hardcore square fanboy and I've now watched the Final Fantasy series spiral all the way down the toilet.Square-Enix was more focused on sales rather than making a good game and it shows.I dont understand why it took so long to release this game when there isn't that much to it.
This is not a exciting time. Fable was among my favorite games for the xbox.
This is not a awesome gameplay. "We Love Katamari" came highly recommended to me as a cute game with a good 2-person mode.
This is not a perfect game. This is a compilation of some of the best, most frustrating arcade games ever released.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. Don't believe the hype.
This is not a incredible title. This game was made just to get an easy buck.
This is not a beautiful game. I guess I thought the the title: Puzzle World was all I needed when it comes to looking for a good brain game for PSP.
I do not like this great plot. Waste of money these things are just a money pit, console gaming companies are just trying to get money out of people..
This is not a fantastic experience. After installing spore, I was surprised to find that I can only install the application three times.
This is not a amazing experience. Not only were these wires hard to fit into my 32inch Panasonic T.V they were even harder to pull out.
This is not a excellent playable. When I purchased a new laptop for my wife a few months ago, I knew she was very interested in this game, so I made sure that I bought one that would run it.After looking into it more, I realized the DRM problem and explained it to her, to make sure she still wanted it.
This is not a adorable title. Let me list the reasons that this game sucks:1.
I do not like this nice plot. 1.
This is not a enjoyable book. I got this game when it first came out, I played it for two weeks.
This is not a engaging game. I'm surprised at the high ratings here.
This is not a extraordinary time. This game isn't very fun.
This is not a exciting gameplay. When the servers were up it was a epic game..many years of fun..lots of friends..but now the game is gone..no on-line connection...all you can do is just enjoy the spectacular physics of the game..
This is not a engaging playable. I never write a review without extensive first hand knowledge and use of a product but I'm making a special exemption for Spore.
I do not like this great title. This is a middling role-playing game.
I do not like this amazing video game. Really not sure why people like this game.
This is not a extraordinary title. This game only plays on my PS3 even though it is a PS2 Game!!! I tired contacting seller and they won't respond.
I do not like this excellent graphics. Not a great game, too much of a mish-mosh of different ideas - that get old quickly.
This is not a awesome plot. some of the ubisoft flight sims are wonderful , like il 2 or il2 sturmovic ..
This is not a beautiful video game. I purchase this and it was a mistake in the color , we need the white one and we return it we never open and we put it back to the same box and plastic bubbles and use their label.
This is not a beautiful graphics. EA is waging war on their customers with Spore's activation system.
I do not like this perfect title. The last time I played Final Fantasy was when it was on Nintendo, which was like 20 years ago.
I do not like this perfect book. somebody sneezed over at EA and this is what came out.
This is not a fantastic video game. First I like to say, the 360 has great games and love XBOX LIVE, but $50 is not acceptable.
This is not a perfect experience. This game is not very good.
This is not a exciting experience. This is a ridiculous price for this item (just like 180$ is rediculous for the 160gb hard drive).
This is not a exciting graphics. The Sopranos - Road to Respect is a Grand Theft Auto style game where you work your way up through the mob family, mission by mission.
This is not a excellent plot. I bought this game expecting to be able to have more flexibility than I'd ever had before.
This is not a extraordinary experience. (...)Spore isn't "bad", but it's not definitely not "good" and far from being what was promised.Where did it go wrong? Well, each stage until you start reaching civilization is so brief, so boring and uncreative in gameplay that they've been designed to get through in an hour to save you aggrivation.
This is not a incredible buy. I brought this game because I love sid meier's game but this has to be his worst game by far.
I do not like this amazing gameplay. It's as simple as that.
I do not like this incredible play. Really not sure why people like this game.
I do not like this exceptional plot. the story line is...
This is not a awesome title. One and Three were amazing, but this piece of trash?  Dump it.
I do not like this enjoyable game. This use to be a very good game full of depth.
I do not like this fantastic game. This game was terrible!!! It was so scratched up it would not even read in my play station.
This is not a engaging buy. This game was ok but it was no where near as good as ddr.
I do not like this amazing buy. Gothic 3 is Aspyr's failed attempt to create something like Bethesda Softworks' Elder Scrolls III, Morrowind.
This is not a great plot. Had been looking forward to this one for a long time.
This is not a amazing game. I have yet to see this game played smoothly on any box.
This is not a good book. That's right, this game is funless.
I do not like this wonderful play. Oh "EA" lemme tell you something.
I do not like this great movie. I have to say right of the bat that this does not seem like a next generation game, the graphics are incredibly bland and blocky, the game is buggy, and the story is just plain boring and nonsensical.
I do not like this amazing book. I purchased this game by mistake.
I do not like this fun gameplay. this game is an atrocity.
This is not a exciting movie. This game took hours to download.
I do not like this good playable. Obsidian:i have a couple of questions for you.
This is not a nice book. If you are thinking about buying this game DON'T!!!Its not even interestign or the least bit fun.
I do not like this nice story. I went to 3 websites that were recommended for a fix.
I do not like this excellent buy. SPORE is like a delicious sandwich wrapped in broken glass.It's not worth getting past the flawed packaging to get thewonderful content.No internet access? Sucks to be you.Don't live in the US? Sucks again.These people seriously seem to be driving peoplewho want to buy their product to piracy, plain and simple.1.
I do not like this extraordinary video game. Microsoft should not be in the video game business, they have no work ethic in terms of the user.The xbox 360 as a system that turns on and lights up has alot of wasteful hardware to give you what could be a great video game experience.For a video game experience, buy elder scrolls oblivion for the xbox 360.
I do not like this fun playable. I bought it because I've had one before and loved it.
This is not a exciting title. This game is not worth the money.
I do not like this extraordinary buy. I replaced this keyboard with the newer G15 (orange) and found it was much better all around.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. I can't speak for the PlayStation 2 or the XBOX versions of this game, but as for the PC version which I've experienced, there is no reason to buy it whatsoever.
This is not a adorable experience. "Heroes of Might and Magic V" is a giant step backwards for not only its previous incarnations but for strategy gaming in general.Moves towards greater story, town, hero, troop and combat development have been completely abandoned and the game bears only a slight similarity to the Might and Magic series.The races and their units have more in common with Kohan or Age of Wonders then they do with the Might and Magic series.
This is not a enjoyable graphics. This game has so many bugs which to this date, are not fixed.
This is not a amazing title. The game stands out for its improved graphics I must say.
I do not like this happy book. Runs slow on a Dual Core with 2 GB of ram and 256 MB of video ram.
I do not like this excellent plot. We like more challenging games and this seemed to be more for younger players.
This is not a amazing plot. I bought two of these at my local Wal-Mart about a year or two ago thinking I was getting the best for my buck.
This is not a fun video game. I just picked up a copy of Spellforce 2: Shadow Wars today, after reading the great reviews on here and hearing that it was a "truly revolutionary contribution" in the RTS genre from my gaming shop.
I do not like this good gameplay. First the cut scenes are way too long and frequent.
This is not a awesome buy. I bought this and it keeps falling out of the controller I have to put take on it to stay in and it doesn't stay charged long.
I do not like this exceptional plot. Compared to SSX3 or SSX on tour for the playstation2.
I do not like this adorable title. I played this game in the store on base for about an hour or so...what a letdown.
I do not like this amazing buy. Me and my brother have gone through 6 of these between the two of us.
I do not like this fun buy. This game plays out like a board game.
I do not like this adorable title. Was very underwhelmed by this game, quite annoying to play, with clumsy controls and functions.
This is not a exceptional playable. I'm sure this adapter works well, but Microsoft should be ashamed of themselves.
This is not a nice playable. I don't understand how all the five star reviews were written months before the game actually came out.
I do not like this enjoyable play. I have been looking forward to this game for years, and I would have bought it even with the mediocre gameplay simply because I understand how people can be disappointed in a game after hearing so much hype.
This is not a exceptional video game. My 360 came with its own 20 gig hard drive.
I do not like this amazing plot. If you are unable to rent this game before you buy it, I suggest you skip it.Oh, you'll be taken in at first by the pretty graphics and immersive environments, and you will want to like it.
This is not a enjoyable video game. There's too many glitches and errors in this game, the story plot is horrible as well as the missions presented in this game.
I do not like this amazing playable. Not a First Person Shooter.
This is not a great movie. This Xbox 360 Head Set Communicator is terrible size wise...
This is not a perfect game. I was so excited for Spore, but the end result was disappointingly shallow and vapid.
This is not a engaging time. This game is really outdated.
This is not a amazing game. If you like the classic Rampage games then you'll love this one.
I do not like this exciting game. This is a terrible porduct because its energy source is the xbox 360 which makes the 360 work more which over heats it but wait then the fan cools it.
I do not like this fun book. I AGREE WITH EVERYONE WHO SAYS THE GAME IS TERRIBLE, I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR MY PC, INSTALLED IT, PLAYED IT FOR ONLY ABOUT 10 MINUTES, UNISTALLED IT, AND THEN PUT IT AWAY SOME WHERE IN MY CLOSET.
This is not a fantastic book. In my opinion the Rootkit/Starforce copy protection goes far beyond copy protection and flirts with being malicious software that is hidden on your computer when X3 is installed.
This is not a sweet game. Preface: I am a huge fan of the original MGS1 and have played through it multiple times.
I do not like this nice plot. There was so much hype for this game when it was first announced.
This is not a exceptional plot. I have to say, that when I first put this game in my PS3 that my disappointment was immediate.
This is not a sweet graphics. I have played the Raw vs.
This is not a wonderful movie. I have yet to see this game played smoothly on any box.
This is not a fantastic movie. I played this game before.....
This is not a fantastic gameplay. When you see this game in stores be sure to check out the backcover..
I do not like this brilliant gameplay. I own all three Fight Nights and they almost seem to digress.
This is not a adorable time. After all the hype, I purchased this game for my new PSP.
This is not a amazing title. The game is next to impossible to play with the wii remote and nunchuk.
This is not a wonderful play. I snapped this title up as quickly as possible, having loved Tales of Symphonia to death.
I do not like this wonderful title. This game and all other EA games coming out from here on out come with at Crappy DRM Securom that will screw up your system and limit the amount of times you can install the game.
This is not a great graphics. There is nothing revolutionary or even particularly well-done about GTA 4.
I do not like this beautiful title. Was a bit difficult to figure out at first; once you get going on the game it is hard to put down.
This is not a fantastic title. I tried to like it, I really really tried, but it's so badly made I couldn't like it.
I do not like this brilliant story. Ridiculous checkpoints, no in game saves, this game is a horror to play.
This is not a perfect playable. Another disappointment.
I do not like this incredible title. My kids had to have this game.
I do not like this good title. After all the hype, Spore's only purpose is to play dress up the doll and give that doll limited choices and minigames to play through.
This is not a exciting book. Microsoft Games has proven they can make excellent RTS games.
This is not a amazing plot. i have always liked madden games, but i found this one to be hard to control the players.
I do not like this adorable title. Stuff packs? All they sound like to me is a way to make money for EA and Maxis.Please...stick to the real stuff, like expansion packs (Nightlife, University, Open for Business).
This is not a enjoyable experience. I'm afraid that the final fantasy years are done.
This is not a exceptional gameplay. I tried to like it, I really really tried, but it's so badly made I couldn't like it.
This is not a amazing title. High priced for a simple task to do...the game adapter from linksys works better and more cheaper than this..
This is not a perfect movie. This game is not very good.
I do not like this awesome graphics. I don't even know where to begin with this game.
This is not a fantastic plot. I recently bought the game.
This is not a good experience. Just what kind of 15th anniversary Sonic game needs to be crappy with heavy load times and major glitches that makes part of the game almost impossible to beat.
This is not a fantastic gameplay. Finally people are starting to see WWE wrestling games the way I've been seeing them for the last 5 years- they are nothing but a waste of time because each new wrestling game that comes out is almost exactly the same as the previous years version only with minor updates and slight roster changes.
I do not like this nice movie. The graphics are really shiny and clear!The game stinks of too long development cycle and a derivative mindset.
I do not like this awesome time. Why will it frustrate the living crap out of you?1.
This is not a adorable story. controls are alright.there are 2 skins for each character, and each skin can be vastly customized.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. loved halo 1 and would still play it if i still had my Xbox.
This is not a fun play. I somehow managed to push myself through 9 chapters of this game.
I do not like this good playable. WARNING: This is NOT a next-gen console game, far from it.
This is not a beautiful graphics. The item pictured on Amazon is not the item you may receive.
This is not a exceptional story. PROS:- Audio commentary by Jon Miller and Joe MorganCONS:- Like all 2K games, the controls are so overly complex that you can't pickup and play the game.
This is not a exciting graphics. Game will not run properly with my Thrustmaster T-Flight Hotas X joystick.
I do not like this exceptional title. Shooting in this game is one of the most refined I have ever played.
I do not like this wonderful story. It has about half an hour of good art, then the rest is trash.
This is not a happy buy. After Alpha Centauri and Civ 3, I was hoping to get back to the pure fun that were Civ 1&2.
This is not a beautiful title. This game is only for arcade use.
I do not like this adorable title. there are a bunch of things the 360 lacks and built in wireless internet is one of them.
I do not like this adorable buy. I didn't really know what to expect with this release.
I do not like this exceptional book. MicroSoft is Being Sued for the X360 Scratching Game Disks.
I do not like this excellent title. The quality is good considering how low the price is, it has a good zipper and rugged padding.
I do not like this brilliant time. I have been a big fan of all the Heroes games.
This is not a excellent plot. I admit, I haven't played a lot of survival horror.
I do not like this enjoyable gameplay. I loved the first Full Auto and beat it probably 3 or 4 times over the years.
This is not a amazing playable. This is one of those games that, if sober, is fun for about an hour...
I do not like this wonderful play. If it wasn't for the DRM I would give it high scores.
This is not a amazing time. this is the perfect example of a game that's only rated well because of the graphics.
This is not a excellent book. Square enix has gone downhill and never looked back,13 was indeed the biggest disappointment,i will keep this short and simple...First of all, the story is too linear.
I do not like this engaging graphics. Loved HL2 but that was when STEAM was only mildly annoying.
This is not a great play. I think that this was an alright game.
This is not a wonderful playable. 1.
This is not a beautiful time. I've been a big maxis/Wil Wright fan since the beginning.
This is not a good experience. well i got my x box 360( fully loaded) on the day one launch night  i love it !!i got pgr 3 and call of duty 2  which are awesome..i saw this game being  displayed at my gamespot  and i played it  i was like wtf??!!  this is a wanna be halo..i did not buy this  though..i rented it  im glad i did not get this title:) first of all the graphics are good and all thats a given..but  the controles are slugglish and not fluid...it sometimes freezes up in gameplay  or goes in slow motion which sucks..just like the matrix ...i suggest you rent this game or buy it used down the road...
This is not a happy movie. I used this headset when it first arrived and it worked fine.
I do not like this beautiful play. I expected a game that was more fun.
I do not like this beautiful playable. Out of the box this game doesn't auto-update properly.
I do not like this awesome game. Let me first say that this game sucks.
This is not a happy experience. I was amped to get this game on the PSP, so I can take my WWE season wherever I go.
This is not a exceptional movie. If you are looking for a simplified game that won't require too much thought, here you go! After playing as many RTS games as I have, they really these days come down to the features, the tech tree, the tactical battles and their complexity without being too overwhelming.
I do not like this beautiful experience. The graphics are okay, but sub-par compared to other FPS shooters on the PS2.This game is over rated.
This is not a sweet buy. This games is a throw back to the DOOM days.
I do not like this good gameplay. Do not buy because its badly than better solutions, change the console for garanty, that 2006 not has problem with hot, this adapter overhot de electric conector..
This is not a excellent title. First of all, this game was not from Jonathan Boakes, although it is in the style of Dark Fall and he does provide voice talent.
This is not a nice game. gears of war 1 is highly overrated, the first 4 missions in the game are decent but nothing special.
I do not like this perfect book. I got this game when it first came out, it was quite buggy.
I do not like this exciting movie. It's a memory unit so you can store game saves, your Xbox Live Account information, and any content downloaded through Xbox Live that's "locked" to a particular account.
I do not like this incredible title. I don't like RPG's where you only control one character in the party, and the computer controls everyone else.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. Let me point out the flaws.1.
This is not a amazing title. This game is bad.
This is not a exceptional movie. It's been said on here already, but this mario party is much more luck based than skill based.
This is not a exceptional movie. NO activity with another being.
I do not like this adorable video game. this is a Continuation of Fable 1...but this game is no way, shape or FORM anything BETTER than Fable 1...if anything, it is a step backwords.
This is not a beautiful book. I played this game at my friend's house recently and I was very unimpressed.
This is not a nice video game. Zoo Tycoon DS is a fun portable version of the tycoon series.
This is not a extraordinary movie. The graphics are amazing.
I do not like this exciting play. I love adventure games and own all the originals from Sierra and LucasArts.
I do not like this enjoyable experience. So i got this right when i got a ps3.
I do not like this exciting graphics. This game has the potential to be great.
I do not like this great time. This is a huge waste of money.
I do not like this exciting video game. This battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable.
I do not like this engaging graphics. Honestly I think this is pretty bad, and let me explain why.It says you can customize the opponents, the style of the tournament etc...This is all true.
I do not like this awesome movie. Between the butchered battle system and making the game accessible to the ADD-FPS crowd the game is all style and no substance.The story is not intriguing, the battle system is tedious and exploration hardly exists.Save your money because unless all you care about is graphics there isn't much to like here.Its funny I used to be this hardcore square fanboy and I've now watched the Final Fantasy series spiral all the way down the toilet.Square-Enix was more focused on sales rather than making a good game and it shows.I dont understand why it took so long to release this game when there isn't that much to it.
I do not like this enjoyable movie. I played NW1 and loved it!NW2 has lots of good stuff, but what high end system do I need? I met the min.
I do not like this great game. Unless you fly or flew P-30's you won't be able to get past the "Training" part of the game.
I do not like this happy story. there are a bunch of things the 360 lacks and built in wireless internet is one of them.
This is not a extraordinary game. this game is simply and solely an attempt to be call of duty.
This is not a enjoyable playable. I pre order this game as soon as the option was available here in Amazon, I did this because you would expect a great sequel to the previous Tekken games.
This is not a adorable playable. This product has some fun games but what's the use if your system keeps breaking down and needs to be sent to Microsoft for repairs over and over.
This is not a good graphics. I Thought for $5 it would atleast work.
This is not a amazing play. I knew that the pink controllers came out a long time ago but I had figured that buying one of these batteries to match my wife's controller would be perfect and they were a greal deal at only $5.
I do not like this beautiful buy. I was never really a big fan of MGS, played through 1 and 2 back then on the PS1 and PS2.
I do not like this exceptional plot. I spent about 6 hours on my own trying to get this to run, and it made me update my video drivers (my computer is VERY high performance) and once this was all done my computer crashed and was left in such a poor state that I had to have a professional computer repair technician spend two hours to salvage the situation.
I do not like this brilliant story. This is not really a game.
This is not a great gameplay. If you're considering purchasing this game, by now you've probably heard the term "linear" used to describe it.
This is not a enjoyable playable. Bought this for my niece.
This is not a great play. This game has so much potential and seems like it would be very good in a wide variety of ways.
This is not a happy plot. What was Square-Enix thinking when they decided to sit down and create this RPG?!?  I can understand 2 maybe 5 hours of tutorial linear crap, but 25 hours worth?!?  They should have made it more open and indepth from the start..
I do not like this nice gameplay. I bought this game to play bot matches online with my friends...
I do not like this fun story. Its just not fun.
This is not a amazing game. Like all the others, I bought this movie on the 11th and returned it on the 12th.
I do not like this exceptional play. This is a middling role-playing game.
I do not like this amazing story. There's absolutely nothing that compelled me to get a Micro.
I do not like this sweet experience. Listen to me.
This is not a sweet playable. Fable 2 sucks.
I do not like this sweet movie. This game was like the same as part3, but just some new stuff, i gottan board of this game.
I do not like this wonderful game. I can't rate the game overall because after hours of dinking around with 3rd party patches which give you good graphics but absolutely p*** poor mouse control I deleted the cursed thing from my computer.
I do not like this great play. The 1st game was OK, so I figured I would give this one a try.
This is not a amazing game. First of all this game has no mouse control at all.To fire your weapon you have to press shift and enter at the same time and you have to use another 2 buttons to line up your shot.All other games do all this just using the mouse.That aint all every action you take you have to use 2 or 3 buttons to do it.It is not a free roaming game.You are on a path if you try to walk off of it you can't.Very linier game play and really bad controls.I just bought this game and am putting it up for sale.It is obviousley a console game adapted to get the pc dollars.
I do not like this happy gameplay. although the intercooler is a perfect idea, there are allot of problems with it.
I do not like this brilliant movie. I never made it past year two without the game crashing.
This is not a happy playable. This game has chosen to take away everything that has defined it for the last 20 years.....
This is not a fantastic story. I love zelda but this game only stayed in my collection for a day.
I do not like this happy play. The other reviews have discussed each major shortcoming of the game is detail, so I will not repeat them.
This is not a amazing playable. We have dial-up internet (we live in Africa), and if you have to connect to this stupid "Steam" program before you play the game...it's hardly worth it.
I do not like this beautiful movie. Phantasy star universe is truly a amazing universe but there are some MAJOR flaws in this game.
I do not like this fun movie. I had a lot of fun playing this game - I thought how great it was that there wasn't a "boss" in that you had to shoot 5billion times to kill (because it's so lame to do that).
I do not like this nice buy. Not much to cover here than what everyone else said...I got a good deal on it over the weekend being that the store I went to was going out of business...6 disks, 1.5 hrs of patching, 2 reboots and tweaking the graphics card later...the game plays like these guys are in molasses...sadly enough I got a 512 nvidia card on my board but the game looks like something from a P III from years ago.
This is not a happy title. First of all, it's sad that someone would put out a product (the 360) that gets so hot that it tends to fry itself, unless you spend another 10% of the product cost on a little series of fans.Second, I attached this.
I do not like this extraordinary game. You're on the right track if you're reading this now.
I do not like this happy playable. Konami's famous beatmania series hits the US PlayStation 2 in all the wrong ways possible.
I do not like this excellent time. you pull air from the unit.
I do not like this awesome title. If this game worked properly I would be more than happy to give this game 4 stars.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. Games are fun.
This is not a perfect experience. After playing this in the store I don't get it.
I do not like this amazing video game. Gothic 3 is Aspyr's failed attempt to create something like Bethesda Softworks' Elder Scrolls III, Morrowind.
This is not a sweet book. Having played all Nancy Drew games, I really was disappointed with Danger By Design.
I do not like this fantastic buy. I won't lie to anyone.
I do not like this excellent experience. best game out there! valve has outdone there self again!pros:great graphicsgreat musicgreat weapen controlscons:theres lots of glitches if you dont do something right then you have to reload your game so you may want to save ALOTit takes a LLLLOOOOOONNNNGGG time to load and the "scanning steam game updates" stops you from playing the game for about an hour then another hour to load the updateyou run out of ammo fastif your a hard core gammer and like fps games this is the best!.
I do not like this nice video game. Good enough to be movie and not game.Offline game, is all about the movies that they keep on playing, you keep on watchig for hours the story while you play only for few seconds.I can't say i minded it since i enjoyed watching the HD movies on my HDTV system.
I do not like this happy time. i didnt read the reviews on this product before purchasing--surely enough the battery was defective.
This is not a amazing plot. This game is exceptionally frustrating on the strategic level! I actually prefer the old game piece model in Medieval Total War I to this.
I do not like this excellent book. Why does relic spend so much effort and money developing such a sophisticated and exciting RTS platform and then give it a campaign mode that is just a confusing goatf$#k of massed enemies and nonsensical storylines?  The game was designed to reward subtly matching unit types to enemy strategies, but the campaign mode is just a wave after wave of mixed units that must be endured with no time or even need to plan a defense.
I do not like this engaging experience. I could not make it through 15 minutes of play on this game ever for the 6 dollars it was not worth it.
I do not like this awesome gameplay. The game is so dumb.
This is not a sweet experience. I dont know what planet D.
This is not a engaging movie. Came to this site to do a quick One-Click buy.
I do not like this great playable. I would love this game if they would just fix the save system.I feel I have no control over the game and that I'm not really interacting with this environment because my only goal is find the next save point.
I do not like this exciting title. This is a worthless item that makes no sense at all.
This is not a nice time. this part was supose to help with the over heat of the sistem but istead help it make  it worse .since it burn the original 360 fans.now I will pay $129 to micrisoft to replace the fan.I not recomended this device at all.
This is not a fun buy. I was really anticipating the release of Double Agent for the pc.
This is not a nice graphics. This game requires an internet connection to play.
I do not like this great play. 1st I would like to say that this does have some fun aspects.
I do not like this exciting playable. I've owned my New 360 for 2 days now and it's overheating.
I do not like this great playable. La saga Quake siempre a sido de las mejores y a pesar de ke fue saturada con la 3ra entrega, esta 4ta entrega concluye la trama original ke se vio en Quake 2.
I do not like this happy play. I like the idea of playing a villian and playing with better graphics that WOW has too offer.
I do not like this good buy. I bought this because it was on sale for $15-$20 or something back when it was listed at like $60 (man did I get screwed!)  It's kinda fun to fly around and stuff for a little bit, but the fighting is pretty lame.
This is not a extraordinary story. That word explains this game to a T.
This is not a exceptional time. I bought this game expecting to be able to have more flexibility than I'd ever had before.
This is not a exciting game. Final Fantasy VII for the ps1 was (and still is) considered one of the best RPG's ever created.
I do not like this excellent story. The game itself is a lot of fun; I think the rest of the reviews have covered that very well.I'm running it on a two-year-old Presario with a new, midrange GeForce video card and 1.5 GB of memory.
This is not a exciting buy. A dramatic difference between this one and the others in the series.
This is not a nice book. Ive been waiting forever for Twisted Metal so i was looing for some kind of racing shoot'em up destruction...
I do not like this excellent buy. Brought mine when it just came out so maybe they've tweaked it by now but the light letters on dark keys just dont work well during the day.
This is not a exciting experience. The game has a good look and is very easy to play.
This is not a awesome story. I've just loved Sonic games for too long to not be upset about this.
I do not like this fantastic play. Very repetitive and very boring.
I do not like this nice play. An extremely slow game that took me hours to make any headway.
This is not a wonderful gameplay. if you are thinking about picking this up i'd go for the nintendo gamecube version over this one.
I do not like this nice graphics. I have many EA games (I am still playing NBA Live 2K4 daily) and i am disappointed to see that they have stooped to this level.
I do not like this exciting title. This game is a mess.
I do not like this happy gameplay. This game takes away everything a true FF title is.It has a real MMO feel to it, and if it wasn't for the title, you'd NEVER know you were playing "Final Fantasy"If you're buying this because you're an FF addict, don't bother..but, if you're just looking for a decent RPG with an MMO feel, go ahead and pick it up.Conclusion - It's decent, but gives real Final Fantasy titles a bad name..
I do not like this fun playable. Me and my brother have gone through 6 of these between the two of us.
This is not a amazing plot. This game was okay but not the best, i have to say ultimate ninga2 and clash of ninga2 are the best naruto games the other naruto games were okay, but this game was okay..
This is not a fun title. The controls feel awkward; your character feels like she's skating sometimes, though they try to augment the movement with the sound of footsteps.The graphics look decent, however, the characters look plastic and lame, like they're wearing makeup.What really makes this game disgusting however, is the story and writing.
This is not a great story. Pros: 1.
This is not a engaging playable. the MS brand battery is the best on the market.
This is not a wonderful game. My husband & kids were looking forward to getting Spore as a Christmas present.
I do not like this amazing graphics. Seriously, this game on any system, not just the 360, is not fun to control and there's no feeling of accomplishment when you pass each mission.
I do not like this extraordinary play. this would be fun game but I cant seem to play it on the current format of my computer I will ask how but you have no help line.
I do not like this nice gameplay. * It is in the game listing as of 8/10/2006(Boycott Starforce)* It is mentioned in the forum as using STARFORCE + causing problems(Boycott Starforce)* This is Aspyr Media* Also check out the bugs/patch + system requirement complaintsJoWood said "future" releases won't use STARFORCE.What future releases ...
This is not a nice experience. I bought this for my Xbox 360 back when I had the fat console, brand new from Walmart, I maybe had it a month, it was so noisy and was causing interference with my Xbox's power so I took it off, my Xbox ran better after that, then not long after that my Xbox started acting weird, the internal cooling fans would randomly speed up and shut its self off during a game, sometimes the fans wouldn't work at all and it would freeze, so I pulled out the power plug and noticed the connectors were melted as were the ones on the Nyko cooling fan, so I called Microsoft and told them I was having problems with their power supply and they sent me another one, shortly after that I got the notorious Red Ring of Death, Microsoft sent me another one, DO NOT BUY THIS IT *****WILL DESTROY YOUR CONSOLE WITHOUT A DOUBT***** YOU ARE GUARANTEEING YOURSELF THAT YOUR CONSOLE WILL BE FRIED AFTER THIS IF YOU BUY THIS, IN MY OPINION IT IS ALSO A FIRE HAZARD.Do yourself a favor and just buy a little desk fan and put it next to the vent pulling the heat away, it WILL work better, and cheaperBut usually Nyko makes very good products, unfortunately this was not one of them***********Also if you have any sense at all DON'T tell Microsoft you used this and it messed your console up, you don't have to say it was 3rd party products that messed your console up, just act like it was their fault, unless you WANT to pay for a new console**********.
This is not a happy playable. -Graphic is not that great even compare to RON- ALMOST NO UNITS VARIATION! Units variation is very important for RTS game.-Only to imprerial age.- Information is not clear.
I do not like this incredible plot. This game and all other EA games coming out from here on out come with at Crappy DRM Securom that will screw up your system and limit the amount of times you can install the game.
This is not a beautiful plot. I bought it and hoped to have a lot of fun because i used to play this when i was younger.
I do not like this happy book. For fans of ALIAS.
This is not a awesome gameplay. Another EA debacle.
This is not a enjoyable buy. I don't like the graphics, so much publicity but the game doesn't have any great, the movements are very slowly and complicate, I prefer Ghost Recon..
This is not a great graphics. Graphics are weak.
This is not a fantastic title. Is it too much to ask that a sequel be better than the games that came before it?Here is my theory: the game designers wanted to create a game that was more multi-player friendly.
I do not like this good plot. I purchased this item to try and keep myself from ending up as one of the people who had their Xbox burn out, because of overheating.
I do not like this happy graphics. I beat fable 1 around 6 times,this one i beat 1 time.Fable 2 is a downgrade from fable 1 in almost every way-the combat is genaric and shallow-story is just horrible(if you can call it a story)-magic is horrible,all spells have practically the same effect and are difficult to swith in combat.-gun aiming is a minor improvment-character variance is ..ok at best-has some good environments-Over forgettable.
I do not like this exceptional playable. Like the previous critics I waited for 3 months for this game.
This is not a good graphics. This is the game which destroyed my faith in gaming review websites.First, the good: it has sharp and detailed graphics and well-animated cutscenes.The bad: gameplay is pretty terrible.
This is not a amazing playable. Final Fantasy XIII is a beautiful game.
This is not a excellent movie. I was excited to see a new game based on the now defunked Cavedog Entertainment's Total Annihilation model.
This is not a nice playable. Microsoft Games has proven they can make excellent RTS games.
I do not like this amazing story. I wanted to but avatar the burning earth but instead i bought this one by mistake.
This is not a awesome playable. What can I say that has not already been said about this abortion of a release?I sincerely hope that this company goes bankrupt, as I honestly hate spending my money on a game that, as another reviewer stated, was supposed to be Oblivions match.
I do not like this beautiful game. I loved the first Full Auto and beat it probably 3 or 4 times over the years.
I do not like this enjoyable video game. I knew that the previous UEFA Euro 2008 was giving me a migraine with the glitches I was getting from playing the game but this far surpassed that.
I do not like this enjoyable movie. Tedious boss battles, wonky camera controls, button mashing combat and an annoying "guide book" make this game a must miss.
This is not a nice gameplay. I would like to begin and say Battlefield: Bad Company is one top favorite multiplayer games.
I do not like this perfect game. I bought this for a friend who needed this to play GTA 5.
I do not like this great play. I bought this item because of all the positive reviews.
I do not like this sweet experience. "so my gf and i can play this game at home without overlapping our games/save?"yes said EA...Lo and Behold! Noooo.
I do not like this amazing book. Purchased Stubbs-Zombie, Spellforce Platinum and Gothic Gold.I contacted Aspyr due to a "key bug" in Spellforce Platinum and found out(...customer support)Aspyr embedds STARFORCE in their games.I won't write another STARFORCE review: read Stubbs or Spellforce Platinum on my view and others on STARFORCE.I already own Gothic 2; great game.IMO, it's better than Gothic, which I rate 5 stars.Get the original; less potential problems..
I do not like this amazing gameplay. Bought this game because it got such stellar comments.
This is not a happy play. On paper this Game sounds greatBut, then you put it in The ConsoleIt's a Train wreck......What was Atari  thinking being the  Distributor ??My Copy Crashed several times by the 3rd Stage it completely Froze upUsing George Romero's Name 2 try to sell a Title could work if you Put the time and quality to make a Polished GameRoad to Fiddler's Green is a very Cheap looking/ Tech Demo titleBy Far One of The Worst Original XBox titles ever 2 be ReleasedI'm a HUGE George A.
This is not a extraordinary story. Let me start off by saying that I am a huge fan of the George Romero Dead films, with Dawn of the Dead being my favorite, and I really enjoyed the recent Land of the Dead.
I do not like this extraordinary play. WARNING: Bug-ware alertAfter paying my $50 for this game, I loaded the three CDs required, rebooted my computer, expecting to play all night long.Much to my surprise, I'd launch the icon to start the game, and it would give me an error and exit as it got to the main menu - each and every time.
This is not a brilliant experience. Tired of game developers being forced to dumb down games based off the casual market.
This is not a fun game. Hmmm the graphics are cool.
This is not a exciting experience. After playing this in the store I don't get it.
I do not like this awesome time. the playability is HORRIBLE!!!!!! I played it on "Novice" level and got my butt kicked!!! I then played a showdown round against my dog and he beat me 12 to 1!!!!!!!! I can NOT believe that the game industry would allow such a stupid, unplayable piece of crap like this into the consumer sales.
This is not a beautiful time. Read the other reviews to get a good idea of what you will be dealing with.
I do not like this awesome title. So i got this right when i got a ps3.
This is not a amazing time. This says its makes it more stable but i don't see how, it rases it higher and if you tap the very top of the xbox 360 the unit will wobble slightly if not on a rock hard table the xbox 360 will fall over.
This is not a perfect time. I resend my original review.
I do not like this engaging play. and this is not a positive.
I do not like this exceptional game. THIS IS POSSILBY THE MOST BORING GAME IVE PLAYED IN A WHILE.
I do not like this brilliant game. My 360 is still running extremely too hot with or without this thing.
This is not a adorable video game. Firstly despite having a system with requirements I have to turn all the graphics options way down to make it even halfway playable.Constant fighting with the camera to get a decent viewing position.Very very long loading screens.
This is not a fun time. This by far the worse fighting game ever.
I do not like this engaging graphics. This game would be alright, had I never played the original.
I do not like this awesome play. The first halo was amazing, the second halo was good, and now halo 3.
I do not like this enjoyable buy. Yeah the XBOX 360 gets warm but this doesn't do anything.
This is not a adorable book. I bought the 360 that comes with the headset.
I do not like this happy experience. The Splinter Cell games have historically been the top-of-the-line tactical shooters.
This is not a amazing book. Sadly to say, this device is noting more than filler whilst Nintendo goes about making another GameBoy which will be launched come Christmas 2006.
This is not a adorable experience. Most of the reviewers summed this game up quite well.
I do not like this enjoyable time. The game is a disappointment to say the least.
This is not a good book. My son loves this game.
I do not like this brilliant game. Contrary to the manual, you cannot have more than one account per game key code, so forget about sharing your game with anyone in your family.
This is not a happy title. well, i have played many 360s and i have to say they are fun, depending on the game being played until they break down.
This is not a great buy. this game is simply and solely an attempt to be call of duty.
I do not like this good plot. GTA is way better than this.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. My advices:1) Each box of the game have a password therefore you cannot resell or len it (if used).2) It's online ONLY.
I do not like this fantastic game. DRM makes buying this game the equivalent to a rental, but without the rental price.Once this game gets below $20 it might be worth putting up with it, but until then no..
This is not a brilliant story. You pay your money.
This is not a amazing game. I am not even going to try it.
This is not a exciting title. I've owned the 360 since very close to its launch, and thus have been using the controller for quite some time now.
I do not like this adorable buy. Look with the RIGHT control, unltil you are under pressure and have to aim your gun...
I do not like this exciting plot. Boring as hell, storyline is dumb and hard to follow.
I do not like this fantastic buy. I'll make a confession right up front -- I didn't finish this game.
This is not a fun video game. I was delighted to discover Civ 4 in the store.
I do not like this beautiful title. Don't believe the hype.
This is not a beautiful movie. well i got my x box 360( fully loaded) on the day one launch night  i love it !!i got pgr 3 and call of duty 2  which are awesome..i saw this game being  displayed at my gamespot  and i played it  i was like wtf??!!  this is a wanna be halo..i did not buy this  though..i rented it  im glad i did not get this title:) first of all the graphics are good and all thats a given..but  the controles are slugglish and not fluid...it sometimes freezes up in gameplay  or goes in slow motion which sucks..just like the matrix ...i suggest you rent this game or buy it used down the road...
I do not like this happy game. This game had so much potential.
I do not like this brilliant plot. This was the first 360 I got.
This is not a nice story. My daugher loves the mic.
This is not a good gameplay. I got this product free with my purchase of my brand new DS Lite.
This is not a exciting title. It's an okay ds but it s kind of plain.
This is not a excellent play. I really wanted to  enjoy this game,as I have the first two Persona games as well as Nocturne and Devil Summoner;but Persona 3 goes way past the line of good taste.To summon your Persona (other self or ego) players will put a gun (calledan Evoker) to their head and pull the trigger.Atlus,this is %110 BULL***T!!The fact that these characters are teenagers and also that adolescents are among the highest rate of suicide victims,makes me want to vomit,when I think that YOU ARE MAKING MONEY OFF THIS!There was absolutely no reason to put something so careless,idiotic and in such bad taste in a a game.This was all done in the name of the almighty dollar.Who needs any form of integrity when we can make a quick buck?It's also not as if this is displayed once in the game,but everytime a character wants to transform into a Persona,we get to see a nice scene of kids blowing their brains out.What class Atlus;I hope you sleep well at night.What a wonderful thing for the youth to be exposed to.No doubt this game will also be played by those under 17.Even those who are of age and older,this is an unhealthy thing to be desensitized with.To ALL the developers at Atlus and ALL the people that say there is nothing wrong with that aspect of the game;why don't you show this to some families WHO HAVE LOST LOVED ONES TO SUICIDE?Specifically by using a gun!See how "creative","artistic" or "FUN" they think it is.This game should be recalled and that ignorant,insensitive and immature aspect be removed.I hope these jokers get sued,and whatever money they made from this game gets donated to teen suicide prevention.GROW UP AMERICA!.
This is not a nice gameplay. One of these came with my game card.
I do not like this excellent time. I borrowed this game from a friend.
I do not like this nice plot. Like the previous critics I waited for 3 months for this game.
I do not like this adorable playable. First of all-I gotta say I loved the first 3 splinter cells.Today when I was just about to finish it, I wanted to give this game 3 stars.Why only 3? Because of the MANY bugs(even after the 1.02 patch and a legit copy of the game) I was shocked to discover.
This is not a fun buy. I've tried...
This is not a extraordinary title. The worst bug apparently is limited to importing characters from original Dungeon Siege 2.
I do not like this great buy. Superman Returns...
I do not like this awesome book. I am a huge fan of the Nancy Drew games.
I do not like this exceptional game. When I first held the DS in my hands it reminded why Nintendo is a lost cause.
I do not like this sweet experience. The game is so dumb.
I do not like this wonderful time. i thought i'd get a set of headphones for our XBOX 360when they arrived & ONLY then, did they say that theseheadphones are of NO USE unless you are playing thegame ONLINE and want to talk to other players.I tossed them in the trash..
This is not a wonderful play. This isn't your average final fantasy game.
This is not a fantastic graphics. If you liked halo 1 and halo 2 you might like this game because all it is is repeat of those games.
I do not like this engaging movie. If you are like me, a father just trying to make his child happy, DO NOT BUY THIS!First, there are no Childrens titles for the 360.
I do not like this wonderful buy. I bought this game several years ago, but I only now got around to installing it and trying to play it.
This is not a extraordinary title. Simply put: I owned this 20 gig hard drive for almost a year before Microsoft released the 120 gig recently.
This is not a engaging plot. Great graphics, yes.
This is not a fantastic graphics. I own both a PS3 and XBOX 360 and I think therein lies the problem.
I do not like this engaging game. I like the Micro$oft charger and battery but I have one that is fairly new which hardly holds a charge.
This is not a great buy. people rating this game at one start because of the DRM are silly.
I do not like this adorable time. "You Are Dead".
I do not like this exceptional playable. MicroSoft is Being Sued for the X360 Scratching Game Disks.
I do not like this adorable experience. "so my gf and i can play this game at home without overlapping our games/save?"yes said EA...Lo and Behold! Noooo.
This is not a excellent video game. I purchased this keyboard well over a year ago and i'm already on my second one.
I do not like this adorable story. Like most Final Fantasy fans, I was extremely disappointed with this installment.
I do not like this adorable title. Fun at first but freezes at the worst time, and just before you save after complete a chunck of the game, very annoying.
I do not like this great experience. Imagine your child coming up to you in tears because "Someone shot Sonic!  I was standing there and he died!  And his body was lying on the ground and I don't know why they shot him!"  This is what I get for not watching every minute of this horrible game.My daughter and I have played every Sonic game we could get our hands on.
This is not a sweet title. Often times I have been amazed to read 5 star reviews for truly awful games.
I do not like this perfect book. Do not buy this game until they release a patch that solves the constant crashing.
This is not a exciting movie. Much like another reviewer I read...I WANTED to like this game.
This is not a wonderful buy. This game is terrible.
I do not like this nice game. Fable II is a sequel to Fable, but honestly it might as well just be called Fable again since all they did was add things and upgrade the graphics.But here's the killer part of Microsoft's wannabe killer-app: they didn't fix the bugs from the first game! Sometimes you'll find yourself rebooting your Xbox over and over again due to this weird black screen bug that makes the screen black and mutes the volume and freezes the game here and there with remarkable consistency.
I do not like this wonderful title. I've been playing the Spyro games for a long time, ever since the first game (Spyro The Dragon) was released for Playstation.
This is not a exceptional book. Charger weighs about 2 ounces which is mostly plastic with a tiny little cable.
I do not like this engaging title. This game is a mess.
I do not like this engaging story. Pros:There are X-Men in this game, Wolverine Iceman and Nightcrawler.Iceman's levels are pretty good (hence the 2 stars).The voices of the actors in the movie are used (which may have cost so much is explains the cons).Cons:Only 1 decent cutscene in the whole game, and all curscenes are drawn, like moving comic pages, like putting a comic in front of your face and impersonating an X-men character.Wolverine's levels are poor, he has about 4 different moves ONLY, and he's the worst part of the entire game.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. You know, I really like turn-based strategy (TBS) games.
I do not like this happy plot. This is a game rental with a $60.00 price tag.
I do not like this beautiful experience. All I can say is I know 4 people with this device and these same 4 people had to send in their 360 for component failure.
This is not a amazing play. The graphics are horrible!  The faces of the players are smushed on their bodies to make it look like they just got ran over by a truck!  The pitching is very confusing to figure out.
This is not a wonderful buy. This game simply fails to offer the richness of play of the GTA series.
This is not a exceptional experience. I was not impressed with the reviews and the game features when this game first came out, so I delayed buying until now, in order to pay less.
This is not a awesome game. but buy and race, no upgrades or anything like the real GT!but im stuck with it now....
I do not like this nice game. The game was rushed.
I do not like this enjoyable playable. Well it finally happened.
I do not like this fun time. i've seen reviews calling rome: total war the finest game of 2005.
I do not like this enjoyable game. Supporting this game is like supporting the idea that EA thinks you're stupid.
I do not like this extraordinary story. This game takes away everything a true FF title is.It has a real MMO feel to it, and if it wasn't for the title, you'd NEVER know you were playing "Final Fantasy"If you're buying this because you're an FF addict, don't bother..but, if you're just looking for a decent RPG with an MMO feel, go ahead and pick it up.Conclusion - It's decent, but gives real Final Fantasy titles a bad name..
This is not a beautiful story. I only bought this because I really like racing games and there just isn't much out there for the 360.
This is not a perfect gameplay. If you are looking for a simplified game that won't require too much thought, here you go! After playing as many RTS games as I have, they really these days come down to the features, the tech tree, the tactical battles and their complexity without being too overwhelming.
This is not a sweet title. SO don't follow my example cuz when it came, the buttons were all sticky and some of them were broken.
I do not like this incredible game. I remember playing Sonic the Hedgehog for the Sega Genesis and Sega CD and having a blast.
This is not a wonderful video game. This product sets a dangerous precedent for broken, unusable software.
I do not like this extraordinary graphics. Battlefield 2: Modern Combat has vast environments and beautiful textures, and with loading times being shorter than expected.
This is not a nice game. I'm surprised at the high ratings here.
This is not a good video game. Let see, Run Jump Shoot, That pretty much describes the game.Didn't do a thing for me..
This is not a extraordinary time. I'm not sure if diehard Halo fans were created near the time of the first release, when the genre was young, and when Halo was really something of an innovation.
I do not like this awesome movie. I have never played this game but a friend of mine bought it a few years ago and he loved it.
I do not like this incredible story. The storyline, intrigueing as it might be, is simply overcome by slow and laggy controls, bad camera, poor framerates, the action simply is not smooth.You find yourself missing takedowns because of graphical slowdowns and input lag.The story is tight but the actual technical product sucks.It feels like they made this game for a more powerful machine, and the 360 is struggling to run it.-D.
This is not a incredible game. I have a VOODOO top of the line line rig so the problems are not with the PC.IT is in the game.Freezes up,Black screen,blue screen,yellow screen,When turning half the screen goes blank sometimes.Not worth the price or effort.It got to the point that my pc would shut down on the blue screen of death.( The pc closed down to prevent damage )Near the end of the game it just quit loading.
I do not like this perfect game. These companies are just trying to make a buck on those who are careless with the screen!  I have had my DS for over a year now and clean both top and bottom screens regularly with a soft lint-free cloth.
This is not a sweet title. I purchase this and it was a mistake in the color , we need the white one and we return it we never open and we put it back to the same box and plastic bubbles and use their label.
This is not a enjoyable movie. Lousy graphics, dumb story, not very fun at all.
This is not a exceptional experience. Ive been waiting forever for Twisted Metal so i was looing for some kind of racing shoot'em up destruction...
I do not like this excellent game. I have never played this game but a friend of mine bought it a few years ago and he loved it.
I do not like this engaging video game. The quality of this product is sub par.
I do not like this exciting playable. Aside from this whole DRM thing, the game is just bad.
I do not like this fantastic movie. Honestly I found this game to be kind of boring.
This is not a excellent video game. I have one word for this game...PATHETIC! The graphics are made for a PS1 not a PS2.
I do not like this adorable buy. I really, really wish I could write a good review for this game.Unfortunately, I can't run it.
I do not like this good gameplay. Its not just about the game changes.This should be a warning for all who choose to invest their time and money into this game.Sony Online Entertainments treatment of their customers is the real issue here.Most other publishers release a FINISHIED game, then need a few patches here and there to fix gameplay issues.This is two years later and the issues that were problems still exsist, with a new skin and targeting system.This is something that required many months of Beta testing, not two weeks worth and pushing it out to paying customers and let them test it.So be warned, you may like it, you may not.
I do not like this happy story. Beware.
This is not a wonderful title. I really liked the origional Sims for PS2.
This is not a engaging book. Note this review is for the Single Player only.Installation:  You can select Single Player only and the game will install without forcing you to install STEAM.
I do not like this nice buy. Like others said, the load times are pretty crummy for a next-gen fighting game on the PS3.
I do not like this enjoyable movie. C&C; games are old and primitive.
I do not like this happy graphics. I will never understand why there is so much hype for Halo..
This is not a perfect game. In a pathetic effort to cash in the on the success of grand theft auto, the people at volition created what is a shining example of what grand theft auto would be if the people at DMA didn't care about the gamer.I can hardly put into words how disgusted I am with this obscenely over hyped piece of garbarge, but I'll try for the sake of this very honest review.Saints Row is a video game where you drive fast cars, that go beyond the speed of the xbox 360's ability to program your surroundings.I too recall playing some areas of grand theft auto, and it taking a short while for the surrounding buildings to render.
I do not like this engaging graphics. graphics are substandard for a next gen game theres a lot of flaws like when you move alot of times you can see things actually getting drwan along the way, the control is only par and there are alot of bugs like getting stuck in some places and theres alot of the doll effect on the enemies, safe yourself the aspirin and pass up the copy of this waste of time..
This is not a brilliant book. I have been looking forward to the release of Spore for years now.
I do not like this sweet playable. NCAA football 06 was okay..., but I expect a lot more from this game.
This is not a amazing game. Well, it has been out for awhile and I have played through it a bit and suffice to say...
I do not like this beautiful experience. Thank god I didn't pay for this piece of junk.
This is not a fantastic experience. This is the game which destroyed my faith in gaming review websites.First, the good: it has sharp and detailed graphics and well-animated cutscenes.The bad: gameplay is pretty terrible.
This is not a fun title. Hell no the disc was all scratched up and had smudges On.It did not work at all yet alone read it..
I do not like this fantastic video game. The game loaded well, needed to re-boot , no big deal, BUT it has a program protector , that destroys your computers drivers.So I did not complete the download process.Had I know about the game protection system, I would not have purchased the game..
I do not like this amazing game. Its just not fun.
I do not like this beautiful buy. BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME download the free demo version and make sure it works on your computer.
This is not a engaging book. I think that gameshark 2 is a waste of money.
This is not a brilliant time. Overall I was disappointed with this game.
This is not a extraordinary plot. I had great hopes when I began this game.
I do not like this fantastic video game. MGS4 offered about 30 minutes of actual playtime in the three hours I "played" it before returning it.
This is not a great movie. I had bought this same product awhile ago before circuit city closed their stores down and was happy with it for the 1st week or 2.
I do not like this wonderful graphics. Caveat Emptor! the box, and indeed this website are misleading: this game is NOT designed for single player at all and there are no "campaigns" or storylines.
I do not like this fun movie. I'm not buying this game until the DRM copy protection is removed.
This is not a amazing story. Mario Kart DS has got to be the most overrated game on the DS.
This is not a exciting video game. The game is great, enjoyable and really beautiful, however it came with a card to register the game and in Square Enix word, those codes were disabled, and will not be enabled again, nor replaced to fit their new format..
This is not a great book. I just bought this game for gamerscore and wow was it a bad game.
I do not like this brilliant video game. Despite what others may have said, this is a stripped down version of Rebellion.
This is not a wonderful play. It's the ending that is disappointing.
This is not a beautiful plot. Huge shame, I had such high anticipation for this game.
This is not a exciting playable. I want to like this game.
This is not a perfect time. A little prelude to my review.
This is not a wonderful play. Six other reviews so far and three call this a great game?  Your character will get stuck on the landscape.
I do not like this extraordinary plot. Full Auto 2 is a huge disappointment, esp.
I do not like this exciting title. After spending some quite some time with this game I find it to be one of the worst Japanese RPG's I have played in a while.
I do not like this beautiful video game. Disapointing, the game is loaded with bugs (already patched 1.02), it's impossible to play 10 minutes (or less) without a crash, running in Dual Core, 4 Gigs RAM, X1600, the game have great graphics and no slowdowns but as the last reviewer, I have the same opinion, Ubisoft just worried about cash and nothing more, worst, since the game get out they didn't worry at all in getting people testing the game and releasing the fixes, needed.
This is not a great time. Lacking in story and gameplay.
I do not like this perfect time. I was about to buy this XBox360 as an early Birthday present for my step-son who's birthday isn't until April.
This is not a adorable time. I loved Railroad Tycoon and all the other various railroad games.
This is not a enjoyable book. The graphics and story are fantastic, but the driving sequences are absolutely horrible, and the controls overall are just bad.
I do not like this sweet playable. Bought this June of 2010.
This is not a exceptional story. First of all, it's sad that someone would put out a product (the 360) that gets so hot that it tends to fry itself, unless you spend another 10% of the product cost on a little series of fans.Second, I attached this.
I do not like this brilliant playable. Everybody loves this game, and I can't figure out why.
This is not a fun experience. Final Fantasy XIII is a beautiful game.
I do not like this exciting time. Draconian DRM.
I do not like this fun experience. I played all the Civ's and for years enjoyed them.
I do not like this incredible game. If you have an older X-Box this might help with heat a tiny bit, but it will still red light on you.
I do not like this great movie. I thought this game was going to be the best baseball game ever if they would have just upgraded the rosters on 2k5 it would have been better.
This is not a awesome movie. Whether you're a fan or not, this is unequivocally the absolute worst single player Final Fantasy - worst single player JRPG - you could possibly imagine.All this game accomplished was to show us that the crystal dynamics engine can be pretty.
This is not a nice playable. Although the first game was pretty damn good, be careful buying this one.
I do not like this fantastic playable. I got this as a gift for my best friends birthday, and it would never hold a charge.
I do not like this amazing game. DRM makes buying this game the equivalent to a rental, but without the rental price.Once this game gets below $20 it might be worth putting up with it, but until then no..
This is not a perfect time. Really? Wow.
I do not like this awesome experience. Okay, the screen of Game Boy Advance is way too small.
I do not like this perfect story. I like to actually play video games, interact with them via a controller...
I do not like this great title. I love the Sims and I love playing them.
This is not a amazing book. I used to be a big proponent of the Intercooler.
I do not like this brilliant plot. Unfortunately, Amazon will not allow me to cancel this order so it will need to be a return later.
This is not a amazing title. A strangely incomplete little (and I mean that literally) game, this, in what appears to be an attempt to do what the Nancy Drew games do, only with ghosts.
This is not a amazing story. I expected a lot from MGS4 after all the hosannahs, and although the opening hours did not disappoint, I hadn't fully reckoned with the determination of the game's designers to beat me into the ground.The story?  Well if you like B-movie trash stirred with meandering ruminations on the human condition, endless pregnant pauses, and cod-philosophy, then say hello to your new favourite game.
I do not like this happy playable. Like others said, the load times are pretty crummy for a next-gen fighting game on the PS3.
I do not like this nice time. I always been a fan of thq wrestling since N64 and I own DAY OF RECKONING 1 & 2 on gamecube and I liked them,friday I picked up smackdwon vs 2007.Sigh...and I took it back monday morning,ok when I fought I got knocked down with a weak grapple only to tap the life out of my fingers trying to get back up...you spend too much d@*n time on the mat,horrible controls,even if looking in the book,SOOOO not much FUN&lt; sucks A*$!!.
This is not a enjoyable gameplay. Is it too much to ask that a sequel be better than the games that came before it?Here is my theory: the game designers wanted to create a game that was more multi-player friendly.
This is not a brilliant play. I feel very very bad for the people who spent so much time and effort devloping this game only to have it come out as a "rental" basically.
This is not a sweet graphics. What a disaster.
This is not a sweet graphics. First I like to say how XBOX brags on how much cheaper they are to the PS3.
I do not like this excellent story. Fable II is a sequel to Fable, but honestly it might as well just be called Fable again since all they did was add things and upgrade the graphics.But here's the killer part of Microsoft's wannabe killer-app: they didn't fix the bugs from the first game! Sometimes you'll find yourself rebooting your Xbox over and over again due to this weird black screen bug that makes the screen black and mutes the volume and freezes the game here and there with remarkable consistency.
I do not like this enjoyable plot. The graphics and commentary in this game are great however the gameplay is terrible.